[Music]
I've such a
long
night I
[Music]
for
begin world
accept the world
[Music]
would
F it's hard to imagine a world where I
could reply
I begin
[Music]
world is Ming f
now it's just you and me
[Music]
I just to feel you baby
I to feel
[Music]
now it's just you and
feel you baby
stop stop stop it no no one cares it's
over it's
done I did this joke already that's fine
good
morning let's let
uh the Beast beside
me in on
this discussion hello unmuted stream is
on
um
hello
so we're
here in the midst
of a beautiful
Awakening for once in my life I have
streamed uh before
midnight this is
wonderful
um and to commemorate streaming before
midnight
once we have
begun
the new Minecraft
server mea Village still exists and we
can revisit it at later dates but now
our epic survival Minecraft will
begin and uh I have Journey map all set
up everything's cleared out so we can
name
[__] together and to build up our our
story
so let us Venture
forth
um
hello unfortunately couldn't get 1212 to
work so no bundles yet
but very
soon let's change this to
survival and
uh let's just this
once time set day so we can start a new
nice
welcome this is you are the
fool there is no updo lava that's the
cruel joke that I'm playing upon
you we're finally
free I'm joined here by B make a
batter Lar cand
do hello Roo it says ardently and
expectantly so now because this is not a
late game
thing we can actually do stuff while we
discuss
things
okay well let's not do that that let's
do
that and
that
and we need more
sticks wait Neco do you want to join the
SMP are you free
this is open to anyone in
grundo anyone in the Granda
server do you want do you want
in I'm not going to go in a in the
server call right now like I can't
handle that stimulation right now but I
can you can come in
Gunda server is my friend
server named after the
neopet okay it should be the same
address that was in the server but uh
we're using a new map now the old the
other map was saved so that still exists
uh if you
join see this is where it's going to get
dicey because I need to add perms for
you to have uh op and stuff
the reason why is cuz I'm permitting uh
teleport usage in this and I don't feel
like setting things
up to accommodate like luck perms or
something so long story short I'm giving
everyone like admin commands but the
only commands you're allowed to use
are um the only commands you're allowed
to use are teleport and that's it you
have to follow that rule or else you get
removed
puny is
high that's thust a cruel
joke uh I need you to I need you to join
the
server and then I can add
uh add your name
we Running Oh wait do we do you need to
install anything I think it's I think
it's fine uh you should be running on
1211 by the way not
1212 s I'm just going to message you
hold on
okay I'm going to keep going once you're
in the thing I will add your I'll add
your
permissions
don't do not in
B let's do that and
uh okay what
dirt
Spruce oh
growth okay
okay sure
um make a dirt Tower oh my God are we
are we doing 911 again oh you're over
there oh I don't have my iPhone no
iPhone oh no this is danger
reros danger Ops
I'm
submerged
bro
okay are you building
dirt yeah 911 Monument is lame I could
build a better Monument to be honest
I'm going to try something new for this
for the first part of this
server this will not be my permanent
home oh no I'm talking I'm talking about
the real life New York Monument baddy
not your beautiful dirt
Tower talking someone in chat said they
visited the actual one so like yeah well
I could build a better one so you know
I hate this
actually
Pico
p
Geo we're we're starting the
SMP go to the
the um if you want to
join it's in the in the grundo it's the
same it's the same address in
grundo uh but make sure you're running
1211 oh actually you you already have
that set up never mind cuz you been
playing on the other one
uh
yeah oh no no no no no
no no no no no no
no no no no no
no okay I fixed
it oh
no okay
hi
hello hello
bro are you comforted are you comforting
are you comfortable
are you
comfortable okay
just doing this for a temporary
place cuz I never I always like just
throw my [__]
everywhere this time I'll try
something okay we go
when you join uh I can give you admin
privileges but the only thing you should
be using it for is teleporting nothing
else holy [__] I need
[__] coal
can we find exposed coal somewhere very
quickly or am I
doomed we can find exposed coal
here I
think maybe not this might be a bad idea
we have uh keep inventory off so we're
playing this with a actual like
Stakes of some kind
there might be some exposed coal there
but there is a
skeleton and a
zombie that cool
no that's
cool I hear a baby zombie and I'm not
pleased about that
that's a nice coal
vein oh that is a very nice coal vein
I don't like
this where's my goober house there my
house oh no
row hello
my
house I am
Steve Vin
Universe yeah you can stay in my house
but there's like no uh bed
I think the uh latency on the other
server made it hard to fight the zombies
cuz I'm having like no issue with
latency now I thought maybe it's a part
of
the Pony mod but as it turns out I think
it's just a
autism Pony craft specific
thing
so what what was
that did you hear that oh it's just a
drown
okay yeah I a lot of people call me
velvet I'm like so confused as to how
that's
possible I'm going to make my own
furnace so I don't get these confused
used a lot of people uh call me velvet
by mistake and I do not know where that
comes from I genuinely do
not like it's so common
uh I'm blanking what are we
doing got coal next is
iron Snicker
432 oh you're probably going to be a
pony to me
but let me go look I see you on the
map yeah you're a pony for me
you're yeah wait you're a pony for me
wait come down
here yeah you actually look like your I
say nice it might not show up for you
but it shows up for us
great getting my first beef
already here
okay
nice my
everything yes
monster can I have my
things thank you
this I didn't pick this up the
arrow
what okay let me add both of you to the
uh op
list again the only commands you should
be using are teleport and nothing
else you will be punished greatly for
using other commands
nice okay you're you're both op now so
you can uh use teleporting commands and
such do you have I do
you okay have fun thank you
BTY
squeaks God you're so [__]
[Laughter]
small I always forget this you're
laying wait did it really
or yeah
it's simply to die for yeah it's is
divine it is
dying think I just need to get more wood
wood go far away oh wish should I push
should proba
like tree
house and the poi
did I not set this up this
time hold on
I forget everything in my
life oh I guess it's
in control
key
and that should be
fine there we
go but then I want this these uh
I want these to not show
up
necessarily
there so just using out
for
purposes
okay I can get on with my life now
I
will procure
wood funny little ice B maybe go over
here and grab a more
you probably shouldn't be sprinting as
much as I am right now what the [__] is
that oh just trees
yeah team grw is still
recruiting team GW aw is also
recruiting it's going to yell at me
I was going to get
like uh tree chopping mod but I couldn't
get it to work server
side for whatever reason I was setting
up
uh the mods the way had them it was just
like straight
up not allowing the server to launch for
some
reason stop screaming stop
screaming so dramatic and for what
I had no idea about the wooden
axe the sliding begins at
midday uh NECA you're having you're
having a fortnite fortnite hoof disease
Bell
bro this is just I guess our underground
Community Center for the time being
are you delighted by the novel uh Cave
bro what if instead of Arrow tour it was
called cre FL and Creek FL and T instead
of Taylor
Swift what are
you is anyone else seeing this
guy he moves with a purpose
the the
corner
uh nice
okay I guess iron is the next task I
should make
a what I say chair so that is not the
correct uh that is not the
correct okay
let me just make
Violet save
Bazinga I will never save
Bazinga what are you talking about I
would never save
dinga I would never drive my Ford F-150
into a group of people on purpose
because that's funny
I'm just listing a few things I would
never
do say
skib am I a monkey for your
entertainments H shall I perform for you
and say these silly words that you so do
adore what is this
strange do I have the one Yoda meme
I I there are a few Yoda memes
bunny oh crashed by Honda Civic I will
I'm sure it's around here
somewhere so we're going to have to uh
as a as a as a chat as a community as a
group decide what this holy land is
called uh we're not going to decide
right now we need to take so I have my
food
I'm the Folly of uh oh
dear I guess I should have been focusing
on food
I put my flesh
away it's Creek Country out
there my favorite biome is uh probably
just a tiger
honestly L SP
trees
wait is
it it's it waits for what I do not
know let
uh let's have a ho
down what horrid creature don't say that
it's awful awful over
here someone started a farm already
to do one over here I
guess should be fine oh looks like a
fish fish farm
we can't we we can't uh escape the Creek
FL lore okay would
see I think we're off to a slow start I
think
so I need food I need iron those are our
two main priorities right now I think I
have
string how much string do I have
two is that enough
for fishing
rod yeah okay that's good
cat
already look at us make a new
server so you can do more than fishing
yet here we are again fishing
fishy business
Village well isn't that
fortunate I can probably see where you
are oh no I can't youve you've you've
traveled a little bit too far away from
my map for me to see you
now I oh I see where you
are I see on my map we already have our
first Village okay
here uh well I need
food boots okay sure here take these
[Music]
uh here's a
question we are
on a lake of sorts not a lake but a
river it might not
be
geographically accurate
to
suggest that this is a
creek
but should we
name this place Greek Town
do we do we call do we call this Creek
Town and uh the reason why I want to
figure that out now is because chat's
going to have to name the village that
Neco just found
so we should have that figured out
first once I have some food I'm going to
uh head over to the town and we can take
a
look might acquire some beds
there just so you know uh I dug the
Little treeh House hole as just a temp
shelter thing so I'm going to make like
a full home at some
point this is just for everyone to pull
their [__] together while we're in these
early
stages
now wait
copper I like copper
can I have
it thank you I'll start smelting it
right
away um
okay Creek Town official
oh wait I need
to what is that what is
happening
hi cat don't you dare stand in the way
everything's going
swimmingly
uh the color of this is uh
fascinating I can't read
it what is
what I got a
copper
thing okay what was I doing I was trying
to fix the color of
this I can change it through
here but I want the places group too
now why is this not
working what am I doing wrong
exactly it's not saving the color for
some reason
did it with the other one the POI it
saved it with the
POI this is
strange let's
try huh
why does it behave like
this I don't know if anyone in chat will
know what what's uh going on
here just won't save the color
let's try this let's try adding
a different
group submit okay that's not saving
either that's so
confusing huh
okay that's a
little
on wait did I
why is it not
saving can I can I change the color of
the one where it did save actually
interestingly that one's not enabled so
I wonder
if huh
okay Pik I hope you feel
better have a gooby
Pika on I'm going to
try restarting Minecraft really quickly
see if that fixes the
SJ because this is going to drive me
crazy if I don't figure this out right
now while we're
restarting um
I get very like overwhelmed
by your YouTube
content and streaming stuff and
Etc
uh so my goals with doing stuff like
this is uh this is like going to be
it's not
saving try one more time to make a new
group
um I want this to be like
low budget just uh
straightforward
not
overwhelming this is uh interesting
okay I guess I'll just uh choose the
colors manually for the time
being hello your way
home all right I'm going to head over
to this Village I can see and I
will take a
look wa yeah I
uh okay I'll wait up for you
here oh yeah I know I know you have food
I'm just going to uh we're going to
we're going to name we're going to name
the
village it's a tradition for chat now at
this
point I'm not sprinting because I want
to conserve my
food
um like I just want to play a funny
video game and just like
chill so
yeah at some point I guys start uh doing
more music on stream again too because
it's it's been a while since that
is that a bat Pony for
what
toolsmith
interesting I haven't seen I haven't
seen the bat ponies do you see the bat
Pony too
baddy I haven't seen this one we've had
toolsmith in the other
server so that was interesting I wonder
if it's server
dependent
books okay let's let's grab these cuz
these will be nice
this is quite a
uh to me seems like an unsubstantial
Village oh these are these designs are
new
too I think it's server dep oh you're
what's wrong with
you yeah these all have different
designs from the other
server I wonder if just like you get a
specific set
of like
variations per server instance or like
per
world that's really interesting
there is a this Village is really small
though C it's crazy
baddy or caddy is
traveling okay well that was just like a
shitty Village let's hope we can steal
some of their
villagers some point
soon your cat is here
over
here it's sleeping buddy it's sleeping
it wants to
stay Can you can you get your
thing this is my Minecraft skin
[Music]
fatty there are horses that are claiming
your cat
oh wait what was the command to
uh want to time set down really quickly
and then I'm going to like remember what
the command was
for game rule CER sleeping
percentage just go
25 okay that should be fixed
now command to
enough
um yeah I don't know
either
so what do we name the pathetic Village
guys let's let's name uh this pathetic
Place tomato Town Ariz evil Creek Town
the pathetic Village Creek Town no Creek
Town is the is the home home base home
hub
Detroit I don't think we're naming this
Detroit snoopingas
Town no that's that's it that's the one
I'll give it the red the red
color cat careful they
fire snooping as
usual
okay back to a
base the ship play town
one of these days though we're going to
find a place that is eligible to be
named
like maula
perhaps or we could have
uh we could have tomb of the
Giants that's technically a warden coded
I think
okay take these get rid of that we don't
need this right
now and we're on the hunt to get some
iron what can we do with uh already
having copper now there's not much
right can I already do candles when did
I get honey oh I guess that that's just
a string
okay thank you for Community Food box
Neco all right let's I want to find an
open cave
somewhere Baddie snooping as usual I see
well well well well it's Rick and mor
time
right your cat isn't following you on
Twitter don't go I'm
real I'm
normal I know bro
where are the other spider Creeks what
are the sentences you're saying to me to
be honest
just found a scuber dubert portal in the
middle of nose
where [__] love Elis
did we become
real I hate the world and its
inhabitants oh you're
water I don't like mining the old
fashioned way I just want to find an
open
pit oh what do you know an open
pit we love palotina guidance
do I have wood I
don't I should always uh be bringing now
that I don't have uh I have keep
inventory off I need to uh remember to
do basic things like bringing crafting
table with me and [__]
let's go get some
wood right
quick get a cheeky wood
oh this is really nice
why is everything uh so cruel to
me
ah give me an open pit
well that's an open
pet don't kill me all I have is
boots right on down to freaky
Town that's precisely why the laughter
begins at theid night okay
are they are they going to beef no they
can't
beef I found iron but at what cost
please this isn't funny
guys oh the joy of everything that
I
nice all right
this is why you don't leave the
boundaries of Creek
Town should I any my death points I
think
what is the timer on items it's five
minutes
yeah forgot we're in a tiger can just
grab
berries and cream
I know I can cook the potatoes to get
uh to get more
Hearts my intention is with this play
with this with this game is to just be
lazy and to
uh kind of play uh just
chill not trying to maximize my goober
income
you there's iron at the top there is
this going to happen all over
again it
is are my items already gone
anyway my items are already gone
okay they despawn very quickly I
think so uh I guess I'll
just do something else
he
we
okay
let's take this
slowly mysterious thing
waly
wal okay oh I lost my torches too yeah
that's iron I really should
prioritize I mean copper that was copper
I should prioritize iron
um here's uh something you can take with
you to the
bank baddy please forgive
me the first time I ran out of
radishes yes I remember it was like
being in a
nightmare you want to know about my
first time not having one of a radish
nearby it was a painful
experience aadish is a type of nut it is
meat it is a type of nut I'll always
remember the first time I had zero left
it was the worst day of my
life I went into my garage to yell at my
radishes because they hadn't come to
life and eaten me but then I saw I
didn't have any radishes left that was
when I knew that the Universe was full
of Chaos and
[__] I was tucking my son into bed
when he said to me mommy let's see these
Magnificent the Magnificent radishes
we've got so I carried my son into the
garage to look at the radishes but then
I had seen that time had stolen my
radishes away when I told my son that
the radishes were gone he immediately
died I asked the X-rays I asked the
doctors to ex-ray in my head to see if
my radishes were hiding inside when they
when they took the X-ray
all they found inside my skull was a
small glass of
water the first time you see your garage
has no radishes in it that's when you
know that the devil is the king of your
city and lives to make life nasty for
Humanity I had to change the neon sign
outside my house from saying I've always
had radishes to I've never had radishes
and then I had to throw that sign into
the garbage cuz it was inaccurate I have
had radishes in the past I just didn't
have them at the moment
I called up my boss and said a radish is
a type of red ball and I don't have them
anymore and my boss said you are fired
from my life do not walk around do not
come to work anymore and do not walk
around near my house I called up my boss
and said here's a riddle for you what's
the difference between radishes and an
angel that kisses my wife and my boss
said what and I said I don't have any
radishes in my garage and my boss said
never be a part of my office anymore
ever
again a living skeleton drove to my
house in a midsize sedan and begged me
to dangle a radish in front of his face
I told him sorry bone bag but I don't
have any radishes left and as punishment
the living skeleton moved my eyes closer
together so that my family couldn't
recognize me a radishes the blood red
eyeball of Pardon Me
a radish is the blood red eyeball of God
and I do put it in my salad it grows in
the ground it gets made by oysters in
the ocean the night that I learned I had
no radishes Jesus Christ the son of God
crawled out of my air ducts to show off
his new Nike sneakers and I was just so
miserable that all I could do was stuff
him back into my air ducts when Christ
crawled out of my air ducts I wanted to
tell him how cool his shoes were but I
was so sad about having zero radishes
that I could only kiss his shoes a
couple of times before then before I
stuffed him back into my airod ducts a
radish is a jewel that tastes like a
salad a radish is a tomato and when you
have none
left pardon me
h
a radish is a tomato and when you have
none left you feel horrible you feel
like the devil lives in your laundry
room when you have zero radishes it
feels like a spiderweb is your boyfriend
it's the worst feeling in the
world it's been many years and new
radishes have crawled into my garage but
the hurt that comes from having zero
that first time stays with you forever I
don't know what the future will bring
but no matter what happens a radish is a
type of scarlet meatball that lives in
mud it tastes like salad it tastes like
meatballs it's the world's only
vegetable and at the end of the day
isn't that all that truly matters
I yearn for coal mining so much
I wish I could Coal Mine in real life it
sounds so
relaxing I'm going to drink asbestos by
the gallon because it's funny
okay let's go back to Creek
Town just hold on we're going home
wow someone sucks at this
game I'm a lot better at Minecraft than
that spider
oh not this
[__] oh everyone's out today oh I'm
[__]
oh not these
[__] okay they're done
[Music]
for the
radish for
um I should probably fish for
something for the gets and shiggles
so I have this I have this problem about
Burgers
right like on that on the
topic um I love tomatoes I love uh
lettuce I love onions you know I love
all these
things but the moment you put them in a
burger for whatever reason I just can't
stand them
anymore I
like with the food I usually eat
I prefer it's like compartmentalized
into
simples if that makes
sense like I have a hard time eating
things like really mushy salads and
stews with everything mixed together but
if you take all of those
things in those types of foods and you
just separate
them then all of a sudden I'm like I'm
chill with it
again so a burger I usually order
Burgers
plain like as plain as possible meat and
cheese usually and sauce if there's a
sauce
um and with salads I
prefer salads if the vegetables are
divided up into different places so I
can choose what I'm going to
have at different moments
I'm almost certain this is like uh an
autistic
compulsion but I just do not like food
if it's uh not compartmentalized most of
the time there are some
exceptions but those exceptions usually
entail when things really do feel like
cohesive singular
things some
sandwiches taste great to me with
everything like mashed together and like
mixed together
like uh one of the sandwiches that's a
go- to right now is
like brisket lettuce
tomato some sort of like garnish in
there like maybe even butter I
think and like that's fine I will take a
bite of that whole thing
but you give me a cheeseburger and it
has a tomato in it I'm going to freak
out I I am a grilled cheese
fan I am most certainly a grilled cheese
fan
Let's uh do
this that was probably the least
efficient thing I could have done but
that's fine
were those uh those were not fully
ground I don't know why I was
thinking I'm just going to keep fishing
a little
bit my favorite color is not 12 [__] 12
excited about Burger is a is a
facade my favorite color is
violet my favorite color is purple
technically my favorite color is like
either Periwinkle or
lavender but uh those are like purples
so actually I don't I don't have any
more
coal oh I lost my berries my berries and
cream okay let's explore a different
direction let's see what we
find I need to stop sprinting until I
have a sustainable food
source oh we're getting in the snow here
yeah on the other side though I think
I'm using uh I actually do not
remember it's a inventory profiles
next big big cave in the snow oh thank
you right I'll go look at the big big
cave in the
snow I was avoiding going in the snow
area but now I'm uh going to find
it oh are the polar RAR hostile
this mod is called Red Green
show okay let's uh let's be safe here
this
time oh wait I should have made a
[__] bucket
I'm a Fool
again I'm me go make my [__]
bucket hello Stanley welcome to fortnite
do you want to be Travis Scott or do you
want to be the Seuss impostor from Among
Us right 21
when Stanley came to a set of two open
doors he skiied the toilet on his
left unfortunately for everyone hwk Tua
in 30 seconds
I'll wait for it to uh go to night
time Neco
no what happened
were you endangered
bro
bucket big big oh you were in the big
big
cave wait who's who's is this the
Baddies budy is yours the chest in the
between the furnace
eye oh okay well it's not mine that's
that doesn't have
my stuff in there
this is
fine on the topic of cozy
glow I could get into a really like
heated discussion about uh some of the
characters in my in My Little Pony I
will get
extremely uh
visceral I feel like I've talked about
it a little bit on streams before
but uh cozy glue and the way she was
pursued is one of the things that set me
over the edge to be like I think
princess ly actually just might be
evil like anyone who knows my
stories oh no oh
no little
torch anyone who knows my stories that
deal with like Canon Equestria
knows that we're in deep slate already
knows
that I have a hatred for
Celestia and that I perceive her
authentically as being
evil um and I think this is demonstrated
very intensely with the treatment of
coow and the treatment of
chrysis I don't actually think chrysis
was evil I think think it all started
with the inability
for Celestia to
compromise because
clearly they had no knowledge of an
alternative way and Celestia and the
Canterlot
officials did made no effort to try and
make any sort of cordial
contact which is ridiculous oh
n holy
[__] they flew up that
crazy I think that cozy glow was a child
an evil
child but
rehabilitate Rehabilitation should have
been the way
Celestia had no way of contact the I I
disagree entirely Chrysalis was creating
a defensive
forcefield in anticipating chrysalis's
arrival clearly they were in
contact cozy CL is a child an evil child
but a child nonetheless could have been
rehabilitated
chrysis was only ever doing what was
best for her and the hive the safety of
her Hive the thriving of her
Hive
and you have to think about it from
Chris L's perspective as well when the
changelings finally did redeem when they
finally did find an alternate way to
like use love as
a
resource it was done so by a conquest it
was done so by being conquered by the
ponies if most people were in
chrysalis's position were conquered by
an outside
force wouldn't you also feel a refusal
to accept that instead of like if that
were spurred by a mutual cordal
agreement and design you were conquered
and everyone around you was forced to
change wouldn't you also feel resilient
to
changing chras felt
abandoned because her own
kind after everything she did for them
were conquered and uh forced to
essentially reform to another belief
system if you
will the whole thing of My Little Pony
has been about like finding compromise
working out your problems and so social
ways and that has occurred in very
difficult situations and it has come out
just
fine when you ask the question what was
Celestia supposed to do it really would
have been anything but
Conquest anything but more
fighting the whole point of My Little
Pony is learning about compromise and
about people's differences and finding a
balance within those differences
the fact
that that option was not extended
towards
Chrysalis obviously the
changelings could become
docile in a way and personally speaking
I don't think they should have needed to
be but to coexist with everyone that's a
thing uh clearly there was an
alternative way and it worked for
everyone but chras so why was that not
sought out to begin
with and if you look at Celestia's track
record Celestia we need to all we need
to stop kidding ourselves here Celestia
doesn't [__] do
anything she literally doesn't do
anything whenever there's danger the
main six are always handling it or
[__] Luna for that matter Celestia
doesn't do
anything they even made a joke episode
at one point of Celestia having like a
midlife crisis and being like wait I
should maybe start doing stuff
everyone's like no stop helping you're
annoying as
hell
like Chrysalis played the role of a
villain only
because she was a villain by Celestia's
design in my
opinion in my honest opinion I
think that
Chrysalis was profiled by Celestia in a
way wasn't given the
opportunity to be redeemed or to make
cordial
contact I think a pre-existing Prejudice
existed that prevented Celestia from
extending that like Unity towards
chrysus so again
anyone oh
D anyone in chrysalis's position I would
feel would most likely be
emboldened in opposition of a
conquesting force
why would Celestia feel trusting of uh
helping known monsters I don't know
because she let Discord
go
clearly when he was of use to her she
was chill with that
idea it's not that she's above
reformation and
Rehabilitation well the thing is about
uh
Chrysalis of course she would try and
Conquer but not out of an expansionist
purpose what cursus would do is try and
find resources they don't know any other
way for the changelings to live
feeding on love for the most part was
all they had
known so the conquest wouldn't be driven
by expansionism wouldn't be driven by
imperialism it would be driven by trying
to seek resources and only
resources we know this from what she
said in uh her plot during
the
don't I'm uh going to
teleport to Creek Town
nice I love that cuz I did have an iron
helmet at
least I'm not saying that chrysus is
without some
faults but I am saying that
I do think she and Celestia at least
have to be on an equal playing field in
terms of perception of morality in my
opinion therefore if you consider
Crystal as a villain you also have to
consider Celestia a
villain also yeah who's to say that the
labeling of monsters was just a
prejudiced thing clearly they didn't
know any anything about the change
things other than a few details I never
tried to learn anything more that is a
really good
[Music]
point I think I need to go fishing
again but
[Music]
there is no clearcut answer to how to
consider who's what in what role and
what what to what degree with these
characters but I personally think
that I wouldn't consider Chrysalis a
villain but I would consider Celestia a
villain chrysalis's main crime is
attempting
to do violence to feed her
Hive Celestia's crime extends to
millions and millions of things Celestia
is an imperialist expansionist ruler
Celestia has belittled the
uh Celestia has enforced classist rule
if you just think about anything in the
show Celestia doesn't do anything when
danger comes she doesn't do anything she
relies on a bunch of like random people
to sort it out for her
Chris and sorry are we forgetting also
that she had a temper tantrum and locked
Luna away for a thousand years on the
moon we've seen Luna's perspective and
we've seen Celestia's perspective in the
whole Prospect of Luna's
imprisonment yeah Luna went kind of
crazy but why because Celestia did
didn't [__] give a [__] about her to
be
honest Celestia gave Luna a reason to
resent
her the whole point of Celestia is she's
power hungry and expansionist
it's just Celestia has a track record of
like sending people to the moon and
turning them to Stone when she just
doesn't know what else to do cuz she's
just not smart
enough either she's not smart enough or
she's doing it on purpose it's a it's an
ulterior motive which is what I
personally perceive
it is interpretive because this is a
[__] children
show with the reasonings of everything
not being fully flushed out beyond the
sake of a bare
explanation but me
personally I I see Celestia in her like
imperialist presence
and I just connect the dots with
everything
else you can't do much other than use
Force then explain why she was so
confident in his Reformation
it wasn't in her long-term plan to
reform him but suddenly she changed
heart why because people who were
smarter than her came
in people who actually knew what they
were
doing she's an incompetent imperialist
ruler if you look at any of the fight
scenes that she ended up being in aside
from the Luna one with Nightmare Moon
she lost all of them [__] chrysis
walked into the castle and beat her ass
an
Alicorn she's so like
pathetic world's most suicidal squid
just dropped
Celestia FS uh any sort of compassion I
think the one like hole in my perception
of
her is the fact that she relinquished
power to
Twilight but even that whole situ and
that's actually another reason why I
think Celestia is evil because she
essentially
like took this child this child Twilight
and created this long-term plan to force
her to become her successor for no
reason to me that is
abuse that is abuse that is
manipulation yeah not for no reason I'm
like I'm kind of making Gest of it but
like Twilight straight up did not ask to
be handed this and then she was
given mortally perceived immortality out
of nowhere we've all considered the
implications of her immortality in the
context of her emotions and the main six
we've all done
that yeah she demonstrated extraordinary
magical power except the part of that
was uh spurned by the Rainboom so it
actually really wasn't entirely her but
that's fine
um she didn't ask for it she it was
forced on her she wasn't given the
option to back back out of it
nowhere does celestia say oh by the way
if you don't actually want to do this
then like you don't have to do
this she never said
that she she did the whole you came such
a long long way and I've watched you
from the very first
day something something something
like it was her plan to take this child
and turn her into an unwilling ruler of
her imperialist expansionist kingdom
like is [__] crazy to me that's
abuse by the way here's a body
dysmorphia for you all you get to have
these wings now the
[__] you're Immortal now what no way you
own a kingdom now why
Twilight isn't actually shown to be
enthusiastic at first it takes a lot e
of extra manipulation for her to finally
be like conditioned enough to accept it
if you actually look at the way Twilight
reacts in the first like Arc of this
princess Hood she's anxious she doesn't
want the responsibility she's like
trying to find ways to like wrestle with
herself over it she actually
doesn't immediately
feel
enthusiastic she does later after she's
been conditioned more and more and more
and
more we have a word for things like that
actually we have a we have a word for
getting someone to be conditioned to
accept something that they didn't
originally want to do or accept
isn't that most
parenting Princess Celestia is [__]
by the time Twilight comes around 10,000
years old not related to Twilight
whatsoever and has Ambitions and desires
to use people it is really not the same
thing as parenting
not that I would even say the comparison
to Parenting makes sense but to dispel
it from the point of it can't be
parenting because Celestia
has
political
needs it's quite different she has an
agenda that she's using this child
for my favorite Pokemon's gutina
my favorite Pokemon is Gua
catall what
form I I might get like hate for this
but uh I am not a fan not not as big of
a fan of origin form gutina as the
normal
gutina
form the snake thing is
cool but like we already have things
like
Rayquaza origin form is cool origin form
is just barely not my favorite version
of gutina my favorite gen is Gen 4
that's the objective truth
Gen 4 is the peak and that's not
Nostalgia
talking I played every [__]
mainstream pokeemon main Mainline
Pokemon
game wait hold on do I do the thing
let's do the let's do the I'm going to
leave the Minecraft game for just a
minute I'm going to do the [__]
test I'm going to do my [__] Autism
test
we go J are you ready for this [__] so
there is the oh do we have uh we have
gen n
now cool I I wouldn't I don't think I
would know gen n very well um so this is
like you hear a cry and then you have to
choose what Pokemon you heard
so
[Music]
uh oh [__] I chose guo instead of
Heatran
[Music]
I got 10 out of 10
correct uh this is this is how much I
love Gen
4 here I'll I I'll I'll go through this
a little bit slowly I'll I'll I'll speak
my thoughts first before I do something
but you can see how fast I can do it so
let's let's take this slower
that's going to be
Chingling that's wait okay that's like a
new
version that's impon right not Mis Magus
it's between those two right oh why am I
not KN this one
[Applause]
actually
we it's not F un that's the only one it
isn't okay why don't I know this
one I think it's imp poleon that's
pesu Staravia
that's
shieldon classic
Shaman that's
strap you can never get critin wrong and
that's
Spiner that's CR CR CR Cranidos 10 out
of 10 okay
nice very
good all right let's go again Gen
P mime Junior
Staravia my most beloved
bastiodon
Starly
f [__] Obama snow is such a funny
sound Mana
Chum where you guess 10 out of 10
so
um I there's actually some lore to this
cuz I love Pokemon with all my heart
okay and I have some uh heavy Pokmon
autism but it goes a little bit further
and what it what it is is when I played
Gen 4 I've only completed the poked deck
the national
decks I've only I've only completed the
like hold on let me what am I trying to
say I've only completed the Pokedex in
two games I've completed the Pokedex in
Gen 4 and I completed the Pokedex in gen
9 UM
um but with Gen 4 I completed all
493 um whereas with the Gen 9 I've only
I only completed like the local Pokedex
before any DLC or anything so with uh at
Gen 4 you do you know all
four of the first gen I love the Gen N9
designs to be honest like fire for real
um but in Gen 4 when I completed the
Pokedex um I used to sit on long car
rides and just flip through one at a
time every single Pokemon and listen to
The
Sounds I would I would do that cuz I
didn't have at that time I didn't have
like an iPod uh I didn't want to do
anything like look out the window I
don't want to talk to anyone so in long
kides or just in in um uh free time I
would open up the Pokedex on my my
Nintendo DS the completed Pokedex and I
would just flip through every single
Pokmon all 493 at that point and just
like pay close attention to the sounds
that they
made and I can still sort of hear that
in my head I can kind of imagine
it
um so Gen 4 is obviously going to be my
best but the first four gens I should be
able to do pretty reasonably after that
it's question
let's let's do uh gen
one these ones are always hard cuz the
sounds are always so similar I feel like
that's feel like that's
[Music]
growth no that's Ryon
right I think it's
growth oh my God these all sounds so
similar where I think it's
Gyarados well that one's
Golduck that one's alite I was about to
say
Mew that one's D
gong
Jigglypuff that's I think that's NE
around
yeah jolon no [__] it's jolon or sh
sandrew but I think it's
[Music]
jolon I think that's bro Pidgey n out of
10 what did I get
wrong oh it was between me and alite why
did I I was
like I was going to say me and I'm like
no it's alanite and I was right the
first time I always do this to myself
okay one more time on gen
one NE
[Music]
Arena part of what I'm doing is I I is I
hear the pitching in my in my like in my
mind and I'm like does this sound like
an iteration of an evolution and if it
is I can rule out any
non-evolutions so that one's
drowsy
Pikachu that's cedra
surely
no
yes
Pidge spir
oh no it's between these
two I think that's Articuno
[Music]
right that's
DOA
executor cairy n out of 10 when I get
wrong this time it was between rehorn
and doo
really okay let's go gen two
yeah that's a lady V I've ever heard
one that's Meganium right cuz F sounds
kind of
swoopy that's wob Fett say
[Music]
tier that's it's between mous and
Magby it sounds sort of pyrus so I'm
like
Magby that's
rid it's
Porygon that's an evolution
I don't think it's
Margo think it's SP
awesome that's
onon I think that's hit on top eight out
of 10 correct okay so now I'm like okay
poly Toad and
remade and then bosom and tood oh my God
I said that was this one I said that was
an evolution damn nice I got that wrong
all right let's do it again gen two
SAR
right sunflower is always funny to me
it's like the shrillest of the Gen
[Music]
2 oh
man I feel like that's glar or slow King
I'll go
GL that's
CER I think that's Hound Doom
that's corsola right not iggly buff yeah
that's
corsola
chikita it's blissy
C syil eight out of 10 Again glar versus
slow King yeah I knew it was between
those two corsel and Blossom oh I got
BOS I don't know [__] Blossom H
honestly I don't know bossom at
all let's let's do gen 3
that's I might be better at gen 3 wish
cash that's
milic I think that's
shun salamance
obviously
septile swallow
it that's
explod
register Med
tight line in 10 out of 10 on gen 3 okay
we're back in this guys so we're we're
back in
this we're back in this genender one
more
time
mining that's definitely w
r
shenja oh
makito Barbo is
funny that's flyon
right that's obviously
myana that's cast form
let's swall it again
right no no of 10 please don't get
thisall wrong okay nice Castform versus
the
Viper oh Castform is
like nice okay okay here's where I might
get shaky let's let's find
out I think that's
coner that's Superior or surine I don't
remember
I feel like that's
Superior oh no
Bor
goar that one's Crocker
rock cabalan my old YouTube channel
nice I feel like that's cabalan
that's
fungus that's
meoa meoa is a little bit too
easy
basculin Thun Thun no well electric no
no no electric oh my God I got 10 out of
10 what the
[__] guys do I know Gen 5 better than I
thought I did
am I like gen 5's secret like biggest
fan okay let's let's go Gen 5
again
vanillite
electric it's not goar it's not fracture
I don't think it's Arch Ops Arch Ops I
remember has like this kind of hissy
thing going on
so was that Arch Ops or is that
blitzo that's Superior again
vanish that's
Sora that's
[Applause]
[Music]
15 Ex 10 out of 10 again oh my
God what's going
on well I need to do one Gen 5 One More
Time to make sure it's not a fluke
P
Sage I think that's main show
right C
me Garbodor
beloved Durant
Kevin oh okay this might [__] me up
that's not wuat is it maybe it
is
Alo
SA mandaba is too easy that's archin
nine okay finally I got something wrong
what was it zon versus
Spas okay garbor is disgusted don't you
dare [__] say that about my most
beloved
creature okay John
sex that's Deon cuz deont is one of my
favorite
Pokemon that's Noy B right
for
guys
phant bar
barle
Breon
esper syon most
beloved Vol Canon 9 of 10 what to get
wrong here these ones are getting these
ones get a little too easy because they
look more and more like the
character esper versus uh swirlix okay
gen six one more
time it's not Aurorus Aurorus is
like
right I want to say
Tyrant
foras
scr side
guard
Scatterbug
froy
bacle oh
no my mind I want to say fradi
here
more Pangoro n out of 10 what I get
wrong
it was between Tyron and Diggersby
okay moving on to seven this one might
be easier for me cuz I paid a lot of
attention in gen
7even
druma
meltan oh M
Metal do
Hider
oror that's grubbin or fantas I don't
remember I want to say
grubbin it's
Cartana it's MCA or marshadow I feel
like it's
marshadow let's bring on
necr necros who did I get wrong duper
versus Kamala
okay uh seven
again was that
fosa
CA no that's not cosmog that's B
on well st's
easy
Trum fence F Bon
Celestia that
one's circuitry right
ret
nagan oh no okay failure that was cosmog
versus
bapon that was buzzell versus zurat tree
and that was Mel metal versus
N I don't
know eight okay this is probably going
to be my worst
one literally I have no
idea
double
cindus
orbital
Yer cence
Jesus is that
haing
toxcity that's not
groy I don't know how to pronounce this
one's name
ever okay
yeah all
right this one's just not good I hated
sword and shield
so I'll try one more time
Aruna
Dil oh I really don't know Corvin
knite I Mr
Ryan oh that thing is a BP bug no it's
not yes it
is
f
csula AR
toh oh
man oh this is
pathetic four to 10 for my uh for my gen
8 okay let's let's walk in with this
final
one that's palet
right okay don't yell at me kill a watro
[Music]
fourth
room that's uh
ver that's scream
tail the [__] you just say to
me I don't know tank a tank
is this
new is this is Paul CH guys
new okay I don't recognize that one so I
guess it's that
one go
it brambling
oh I don't know any of the DLC One 8 out
of 10 per versus oink alone and glit
versus Tinka okay one more one more in
gen N I don't care if I'm losing viewers
I'm doing whatever the [__] I
want
flittle I don't recognize that one it's
like one of these two probably
I guess I'll just do that scream
tail that's Mouse hold
yeah
gra
pomet wow I really don't know the DLC
Pokemon that could just be
tinon or sedge and I just wouldn't
know I feel like I recognize
it it sounds like hitting something with
like a hammer so tin a ton maybe that's
gemal finm
palan oh phto I mixed up pH phto and
paladan
[Music]
pan and uh pant and Vala
okay just as a pet cleanser let's go Gen
4 One More
Time gy charar
terus fion prunk critin
[Music]
Bast on Obama
sow motha cherubi
see see it's fine 10 out of
10 okay back to business
wait why am I here
this is what Columbus Ohio looks like uh
only in Ohio and then stuff like that
and
uh oh my God I forgot the model was uh
the model credit was up there hold on
I'll take it down in a
second I turned my camera back
so there we
go okay we got 13 and we got cat in the
same uh same one happy day happy days
for
us happy days is for us
I'm going to be careful don't
I like actually very careful right
now you know
what where was the one 1022
1022 21 30
23 okay
one of the reasons I struggle to
consider playing live is I'm really just
not that much of a
performer as you can tell from my
streams I get very extremely focused on
things and then I just don't have a good
stage presence a lot of the time
it would probably just be boring to
watch another problem I have is uh I
didn't do a show in 2018 it's
crazy okay okay you know
what oh something's
normal
what what
what is
happening
what is happening
okay
sore love that for
[Music]
me the other thing is uh
I'm not entirely sure I'm not the
survival Master no not at all um I'm not
entirely sure how my music would even
translate to a live show especially
because I prefer to do everything by
myself my thought was is uh having lots
and lots of like instruments but I don't
even know how to begin performing that
all by myself
sure think I died here
right I like went up
here oh that's a m shaft I clearly did
not go that way
okay I went this
way and then down not
here
where one up
here and then what did I do I walked
around this way and then I climbed this
I think I went over
here yes
went here and over here and here's my
stuff okay
nice my stuff didn't despawn in only 3
seconds this time that's very
pleasant the thing is I'm going to say
something sort of new on that I hope I'm
taken the right way when I say this um I
think music performance should take on
whatever desire the artist wants if an
artist is comfortable like putting on
something pre-recorded as long as
they're a good performer and are able to
like
facilitate like a good show then I think
that's what matters in the end you don't
have to like show every you don't have
to show yourself off
constantly
um and
uh the thing is for me I don't
personally for me specifically I do not
personally get enjoyment out of
that if I were to do a live show I would
not want it to be one where I have most
how many [__] spawners are in here by
the way
I would not want it to be for
me oh come on now all right let's uh de
Through the Motions again it's just
going to be like this until we have
better
[__]
um I would not want it to
be I would want to be very involved with
the
show and that in itself
obviously it take has a learning
curve is my mic
quiet I don't I think it's just uh maybe
I'm speaking a little bit further
away yeah what is my spawner luck but
then also my lack of luck with the spawn
rates
um I would want to be really involved
with my
performance
um the kind of performance I want to do
is different from
DJing I can DJ I am experienced enough
in that but a lot of my music is not
being focused on
like dance music
necessarily I would Reserve DJing for
more of like a party atmosphere spere
more so than casual and this is not to
suggest that like DJing
is some other variety is is some like
subservient art
form at all I think that's the total
wrong attitude to
have there is this there's this funny
thing
where I love to see this I hate like
reals and Tik Tok shorts and all that
with a
passion and what's so funny to me is
you'll get these
guys like just like white dude number
three sort of characters who will go
there's who will go on and be like um
what you're about to hear is not DJing
this is more like a live electronic
music performance like okay it is
extremely clear how self-conscious you
are
did we get other side oh my God we got
other side let's go let's not
die like guys what you're about to see
is not actually DJing it's like a live
electronic music performance done with
syns and sequence like you are very
self-conscious my
friend DJing is a wonderful art and you
are not lesser for doing it it's so
[__] annoying to have that sentiment
expressed
so when I say what I'm about to say I
need you to understand that that's the
perspective that I
hold um I personally want to be more
involved with a live performance more
than the kind of DJing I done at uh like
the Brony shows the BronyCon
shows I'm just going I don't know how to
get
back are you every day of my life bro
what's going on with
teleports wait
what okay I'm not going to do
that I thought teleport would be a a
nice mechanic to
have well I'm just in a completely
different cave now
one that I don't know how to get out of
give me a second oh no no no
no no no no no
no had to think
here so I'm considering teleporting as a
valid mechanic for the server but if it
doesn't work I have to figure out
another way to do this let me
try at y level five
right let's try
this
um why is this not working exactly
maybe I have to go high well I'm scared
of putting a higher value either I'll
spawn in a brick or I
will spawn in the
air oh it's Z what am I thinking yeah
sorry that's a z68 that doesn't sound
right oh true
wait my brain right
now yeah
I I
I in a moment's notice I was like wait I
can teleport to a nonwe point and so I
did that without
thinking
okay
okay how do we do
this because I'm not going to bend the
rules i' I've set the rules
already does doing a command like SL
spawn teleport you to spawn
let me see
I can't do a command like
TP that specific
because I'm at like three
hearts copy and paste
I don't know what the coordinates
are I can't change my game mode because
that's against the rules I've
set
okay let me
see go to a single player world and do
SL spawn
TP
spawn just do plus seven
okay so we're talking this Command
right let me remove
this so I'm moment to again in
it's we're practicing
okay are we ready to see this [__]
maneuver so it's just the moment I load
in I slash paste enter
okay are we ready for this
[__] oh my
God all right
okay thank you that that worked but only
because I was already in the water area
so for those who don't
know I've made it
so I've got to do this better I've made
it so
that we can use teleports and we can use
waypoints but those are the only cheats
we can use cuz when I've played a lot of
servers before that was always
allowed and I think it's just uh for
convenience cuz we're not trying to do
an extremely extremely hardcore
experience or anything but I wanted to
have keep inventory off
because
um that has felt a little bit too like
there's not enough stakes and
stuff so we have teleports on but
basically nothing
else and
um just to make this a bit more
consequential that being said that's the
only thing I could do is teleport
somewhere
safe I have to figure out how to set
these coordinates better cuz like why
does it keep doing that oh f f oh wait
I'm
underground that's 64 where are we at
now oh we are at 65
okay okay that makes sense I think I'm
still used to coordinates from like pre
caves and cliffs update and
stuff
so we're attive 65 that is
confirmed
so let me remove Creek Town's normal or
I can just edit it let's go 64
for good
measure
okay that's fixed and these death
markers can just be
removed
okay there's snooping his town and we
can remove
this I actually do not uh I'm not really
into Warhammer it would seem
y level is height no Z level is
height X and Y AIS no no no it's
it's we do have to
we why is height oh it is so it
is nice
it's just a normal math uh z-axis would
be depth
like normal
math that real people
use okay I keep like walking out here
and not like putting the [__]
away
uh just all this I suppose I need
that did I get
okay I have a lot of iron now actually I
should just do
this cuz these beasts keep ailing me
so we'll need another pick as well
pretty
soon
W also yeah using Journey map for the
map
where do I get tickets for Gumby
cigarette and beer beer world I forgot I
said that as the place
name the location for the
stream I think I think people need to
know the effort that I go to to name the
streams the way that I do with their
locations cuz you can only put locations
that have been marked on Google
Maps so there there is a place on Google
Maps that is marked as a gum be
cigarette in Beer
World the beer never stops no I don't
even like beer I don't like
alcohol I don't smoke I don't do alcohol
I don't really do anything like that
it's just not my
thing I love joking about smoking and
drinking but I don't actually do those
things
is Mr Chicken 2 a place on Google
Maps the thing is is like I'm like chill
with
like things in general
so just joking around with like smoking
weed and [__] even though it's not for
me is like helps at least to facilitate
a a space where people can like know
that it's like
chill that's my main
thing
um but I don't actually do it myself
I usually take it as an insult when
people are like oh what did you smoke to
to do something like this or what what
what drugs did you take to create
something like this it's like I don't
need that I'm uh just
me vid and dub already smoke Pony weed
this is like
Canon on the larv candy of official
sticker pack it did Art of them doing uh
some Epic Pony weird I remember I
think okay yeah progress has been very
slow on this server but just cuz I'm
a executive dysfunction
that is the nether portal
thing nothing terribly interesting to
look at just
yet should probably start creating a
more robust Farm I might do it over
here oh
uh I think I'm
building a place here I might build on
the island in the middle if no one else
takes it
as best as I too I mean kind of I mean
we do have like the land of as best is
here
okay
so want why did I do that with a an axe
I thought I had my
shovel let's get the hoe
it's time to Ho it
up does this activity Delight you
bro so let's uh
not
yet do I want to a stack of
fish a
stack where you a stack of fish have we
just been fishing this whole
time oh yeah okay sure I'll take three
one stack of fish
yeah I'm in Portland I'm I'm
nocturnal not by choice it's just uh I
have insomnia and
uh I have to operate based on what when
my body will let me sleep for whatever
reason if I try and push my sleep
schedule back I am enter like a really
hardcore insomnia cycle and then just
end up falling asleep at the same time
anyway currently I go to bed at like
7:30 in the morning so I'm streaming
early like I'm streaming seven hours
before I normally go to sleep which is
crazy you're nocturnal cuz you're bad
yes
okay
so along with this small farm I need to
start
building
like let's relocate some of this dirt
and get like a so I can get some cows
over
here I wake up around like uh 300 p.m.
400 p.m.
yeah actual clinical insomnia is like
the worst [__] in the universe and uh
causes me a lot of grief I'm not going
to Li
hope I find a way to put myself to sleep
soon it's called
anesthesia I have some medication for it
but it's uh not a permanent solution or
the root of the
problem you really don't want
insomnia all I remember when I was
little when I was like a teenager I used
to joke around that I had insomnia cuz I
was like oh I love staying up when they
texting my friends and
like I have insomnia cuz I just stay up
so late and then like uh life blessed me
with having actual insomnia and I
regretted ever saying that [__] as a
child like actual insomnia [__] your
entire brain
up there are periods of last year where
I didn't sleep for four to 5 days at a
time like not as any sleep whatsoever
you you just don't want
that you start hallucinating you start
having like a lot of horrible thoughts
you don't feel in control of your body
your temperature doesn't get regulated
anymore like during frequent uh insomnia
Cycles I'll get to the point where I
either have to have a cold compress or I
need to have a like something hot in my
hands in order to regulate my
temperature in some
way don't forget the nausea and don't
forget the eyes the eyes and the
headaches
like you do not want to even joke about
having actual insomnia it's the worst
[__] in the universe I promise
I don't think I have any uh songs
referencing my
insomnia I made uh Monarch oh actually
okay track two of Monarch slightly
references my insomnia though it's
poised at at the
uh it's it's kind of contextualizing the
story of like wolf in the in the
story I'm like constantly just checking
nothing I need to actually do something
in Minecraft
so I need to get more wood that's what I
need to do so I can build
fences get cows and
stuff that CH doesn't uh
reference uh insomnia cuz that's a
willful that's staying up
willfully andom is uh you do not have a
choice am I okay uh I'm in in therapy
and have a doctor
so I'm uh I'm sorting [__] out whatever
it is so
yeah what I'm saying has like been the
case for years
so I've had uh clinical insomnia for I
guess 10 years now which is a fire
and uh I would say I'm like definitely
not the most mentally stable person in
the
world but uh that's always been the case
too I don't really talk about it cuz I
just uh just want to do other things
focus on things that are
nice I'm in therapy this chill
I keep wanting to cover up the hole that
Neco made feels Unholy the laughter
begins at
midnight does Zed play Minecraft I don't
know to my knowledge Z doesn't do
anything so the red inventory slots
means that if I put something there they
won't get sorted into the auto sort I
reserve one of these for boats and one
of these for arrows usually
H don't go yelling at me about the
shovel I haven't looked into turning
that option
off insomnia can be caused by or cause a
million different things so it always
depends on what you're specific spe
conditions
are Auto
sorning there are grain spots flashing
in the chest uh let's see if I can
replicate it um it it it just highlights
similar items
see and the auto sort is like
this I can sort by
difference okay budy
because there's so many things in this
chest and it's really full The Columns
and rows storting doesn't really work
very well but when you have a chest
dedicated to stuff it works really
well we're still uh I mean this is a lot
of wood and we can just uh what are our
sticks looking at three
sticks I'm also like sort of slow
because I don't have any muscle memory
for this map yet in this
setup I want carpet instead of a a fence
but oh I just did that wrong didn't
I okay
about uh the Sorting mod and stuff I
I've been resilient to using mods in
Minecraft for a really long
time I don't usually like modding in any
games but with Minecraft it's just ended
up feeling so
necessary some very basic quality of
life
things that could just be implemented
aren't
I'm not going to say the Monarch really
state yet but I'm very close to being
able
to okay now we want to find some cows
and uh Gaslight them into coming
here resistant I don't even know what
that's said in reference to now i' if I
said something I forgot
forgot anyone who knows me well enough
can also just tell you that uh I will
forget everything I was saying within a
second
resilience what did I
say oh yeah it was resistance to uh
using mods I was like kind of
uh did not want to rely on them
especially cuz modding is such a
pain server integrity and like
compatibility and everything service
side client side making sure you have uh
the right loaders and uh dependencies
and
stuff can you show your Christian friend
the Monarch album that is a question
um Monarch is very
occult in
nature I don't if they're the kind of
person who
will freak out about that then do not
show the
Monarch Monarch is very
occult has
a monarch is very existential
just in
general some Christians uh are able to
interface with uh things like that and
that's
preferable but some
are resistant look we're using the word
correctly
hello back I'm uh front and this is I
Carly and we love to
Gaslight welcome to your new home dimple
[__] we need to find one more to create
babat
need to find one more to create
born I think it's like actually pretty
evident from my streams that I will say
something and then usually I'll just
forget what I say
entirely uh ADHD is a beast
it's really nice to
me go where are
you I can see that
school I have fish memory yeah I do
unless unless it has something to do
with like a fixation of mine then I
remember everything it's
crazy are you no you're not a cow you're
just a tree Shadow
normal normal
where is
cow what is that that's the piglio
what's to piglio he's like kind of like
a dog or
something is he running at
me looks like it he's usually pretty
chill he looks mad right
now should I run about
this eventually yeah you'll have like a
couple of minutes but by that time you
want want you probably want to head
out yeah I don't make it up to alony
nearly as much as I would like to
I usually can only make it up there one
or two times a month yeah there's so
much to see there I usually say if you
don't have two years to spend up there
then don't go at
all oh [__] is that depiglio again what
man what is that thing whoa whoa whoa do
not talk about depiglio in that
way is he like a dog or
something he's kind of like a dog what
to
plio I need to find a
cow is that do is that little dude
wearing a bucket hat right now what's up
to pigo cuz that dude's wearing a bucket
hat bucket hat or not he's running right
at you
why me though why not
you technically my target age
demographic is
uh young adults and my music is not
necessarily intended for
children that's going to be especially
evident from
Monarch that has been the case since the
start but because I my music is adjacent
to like colorful horses it means that
people will
inevitably I don't want to I don't want
[__] John pork
calling are you serious right
now we're just looking for a
cow why one
cow I've already captured one just need
one more to create
borne and then life is
good you the time for gaslighting is
upon us
the trailer is going to go up very soon
I'm expecting the album cover to be done
within the next few days
so I could probably show the content
warning that I've written I've prepared
let's
see for the time being I'm not going to
explain uh the nature of the content
warning and uh what all these things
mean
necessarily but uh I'll give you a brief
look at the content warning that so
basically anywhere Monarch is going is
going up in as many places as possible
this content warning is going to be
shown it's going to be shown at the
beginning of the trailer beginning of
the album video it's going to be shown
at the beginning of every song that's
being posted on YouTube it's going to be
posted as a thing you have to uh confirm
that you've read to access the album
page and stuff so this is going to be
everywhere because Monarch is uh a lot
more than I think a lot of people think
so this is the content
warning that I've prepared for Monarch
it's gone through a few iterations of
uh
fixing so this is kind of what we're
looking at for a
monarch the nudity pertains to artwork
as well as
um the story
and
also uh I mean you could consider that
some of the sexual content entails
nudity in the lyrics as well but
obviously that's not as
uh so yeah that's uh that's the content
warning that's going to go up everywhere
that Monarch can have the
warning um I really and there have been
you know bits of intense stuff in all my
other songs before but usually they're
layered
in like different filters and like kind
of behind a lot of other subtexts and
stuff with Monarch there isn't going to
be with
monarch These Warnings aren't just
because it's present it's also because
of how
intense the
presentation of these topics are it's
not like a passing sentence or something
it
is entrenched engorged and bloodied to
hell and back with the content here
um even some of the early listening
Impressions that I've been getting back
some people have told me that it's the
scariest thing they've ever listened
to um and some of the people listening
to it have heard some of the intense
music I was inspired by to produce
this
so I haven't put warnings on any of my
other projects before because it really
hasn't reached this point of intensity
you know forget the inclusion of these
things but the intensity of
it
so um when the album comes out it will
become
apparent how this takes
shape it'll make more sense as to how
these things play
into the
album to talk about it further would be
a spoiler
because it all deals with the story and
it all deals with a lot of things
but
I will explain my Sonic inspiration and
some of the lyrical inspiration that
this comes
from
um I can't pet the cat it's baddies I
physically can't
okay we got cows we got a small farm
going I guess I could relocate these uh
no I'll save those here for a second
once those are fully grown I'll relocate
those to the other
Farm okay I got some iron Got Some Coal
but I probably need more of
both let's go fix us another sword and
pick
um I've always wanted to do oh I already
have another pck I've always wanted to
do a more intense music but nothing ever
felt right to
me something that I didn't know how to
do
was if you consider Carousel
scary uh I have like really bad news for
you about Monarch CU I didn't consider
Carousel scary even a little
bit Carousel was not really intended to
be scary Carousel is just sort of
supposed to be like kind of slightly
shocking but if if Carousel scares you
Monarch is I would say uh
like at least 50 times more intense than
Carousel and I really do I need people
to take me very seriously when I say
this the trigger warnings are not meant
to be misunder
stood they're not meant to be taken
lightly I wouldn't put them there if it
was just a little bit of of
intensity anyway um so last
year uh well I I'll go back to the scary
thing first I've wanted to make a more
intense music for a
while um but I didn't feel like I
understood exactly how to do it cuz
every way I could think of felt a little
too cheesy and a little bit too
like I guess uh self- congratulatory in
a way that didn't feel real to
me and so I couldn't really figure out
how to do that how to handle that
intensity how to how to create that
intensity it's sort of something I've
been trying to learn for a while and
testing in my different uh in my
different ways um and the other thing is
and I've talked about this a million
times on stream stream already but we'll
do this again for the sake of uh
expressing why this album is important
to me
um I live in like a very intense
visceral sort of regret of the person I
used to be in the years
before um I talked about this very
openly and my
hello are you extremely dead this
evening squid
uh I have a lot of like I just kind of
live in the regret of uh actually I can
just show
you the summary I'm going to disconnect
for just a second I can show you the
summary I wrote cuz it might explain
better because I spent time writing I'm
better at writing than I am
verbalizing I'm not a fast thinker
so
okay so this is the summary that's going
to go up on the band camp page as well
as like the YouTube description and
stuff I'll read it out so you don't have
to read it if you don't want
to Monarch of monsters is an allegory
for how trauma loneliness and
selfishness can turnue into a horrible
person it's about endeavoring to stay
alive within the terminal state of
regret how in this regret experiencing
any happiness at all feels insincere and
undeserved it's about perpetuating a
cycle of toxicity and wickedness because
it's all you've known and you've been
afraid of being wrong and ultimately
learning to find purpose and self- Lov
in that chaos I exist in that regret and
in that past in the past I have been
that horrible person I live with the
knowledge that I've been someone who has
perpetuated cycles of toxicity jealousy
oppression sexualization bigotry quer
phobia and overall personal insecurity
in my past I have hurt so many people
and have been the very villain that I
have sworn my life against having been
compensating for so many things in one
way or another to grow up lonely on the
internet to be taken advantage of by
strangers and to be accepted into a
space where these behaviors dominate the
collective mindset and to find
Fellowship in all the wrong places
ruined me for a very long time
I became part of the MLP Community when
I was 13 but I don't know at what point
I should have known better and just
grown up to become the person I should
have been the whole time monarch of
monsters is an album and story I've
wanted to write for a very long time
because I want to talk about these
things and have this conversation and
have the opportunity to show others a
better way to live the album started as
exploring the most profound punishment I
could wish upon myself and yet finding
purpose in that
regret I'm not interested in pretending
my past doesn't exist we should all
learn from it together to kill a monster
is to be gentle and to be kind and to
not lose yourself completely in doing
so so that
is the thesis of uh I was about to say
girls who are Wizards that's the thesis
of monarch of monsters is
like I've wanted to write an album for a
long time about the regret I have for
the person I've been in
pasts I think there's always something
to be better about yourself like I'm
still [__] up in my own ways still
even
now um though
differently
um and a lot of it ties
into how I was treated and how I was
taken advantage of as a child in the My
Little Pony
fandom and
that even though I can cry and cry and
cry about how that affected me I still
don't know where that ends and where I
should have known better
begins
because I'm the kind of person who
doesn't like to be told what to
do and if someone you know at some
point perceives me as doing something
negative I'm like well I now I don't
want to do the right thing cuz now
you're telling me what to do is a kind
of attitude have had about a lot of
things in the past even when I could
somewhere in my mind recognize the kind
of harm I was
causing there is like this Defiance cuz
I just do not like being told what to
do
um how's it I need
sock socks to sock
two suck three
suck let's not get ahead of
ourselves same
thoughts
um the thing
is there have been so many times where I
just want to
like talk about all these things but
then it's like nobody asked and
like people aren't necessarily entitled
to my personal life and a lot of the
things that I've been through but at the
same time it feels horrible to keep
these things in just my head so the
compromise to me was always wanting to
create something like this to like put
it out there like
hey
um I don't want people to look up to me
necessarily without considering my
imperfections and I don't think anyone
will feel safe
looking up to me and thinking about my
work if we don't have these kinds of
conversations I'm like obsessed with
transparency and I want to be able
to
not have to pretend this [__] didn't
happen like I was [__] up I was a
[__] up person I'm still [__] up in
my own ways like I said now but at least
I'm trying
that's the main difference cuz back then
I wasn't
trying
um and so Monarch has to be as serious
and intense as it
is hi sorry no you're you're good that
the that emboldened me it gave me
strength thank you
um see now I forgot what I was saying uh
something something something oh man I
forgot I know we're talking about
Monarch I was talking about the reason
for
it talking about oh someone has at least
I'm trying someone has to tell me what I
was saying in
specifics
though cuz I
forgot I know we were talking about
Monarch I just can't remember what the
point I was hinging on
was and this title that wasn't wasn't
what the
title oh okay yeah it has to be serious
Monarch has to be serious because if any
album is not going to pull punches it
has to be the one that criticizing
myself do you know what I mean
like the one album that can't like [__]
foot its way around the topic it has to
be the one that's criticizing myself
because I will not do that half
acidly that is the one thing I will not
pull my punches on I don't want to
pretend that this stuff is vain I don't
want to pretend that this stuff is
insignificant and I want to go deep into
my my mind and my perspective on on all
of these
things and it has to be intense because
I have gone through intense things
things I don't really want to say like
in specificity because reliving those
moments like makes me want to break down
over and over and over and over and over
again like all I can say is there is a
reason way I'm like I'm finally breaking
away from the fandom
because as grateful as I am for the
platform and as grateful as I am for the
people I've met some of them at least um
and the experiences I've had and the
opportunities that's given me and
the a way out of cynicism which is
something I'm eternally grateful
for despite all these things uh I owe so
much of like my turmoil to the like
presence in the
phandom it did not help me grow up fast
enough it did not help me recognize
myself fast enough it put me in the
middle of circles of people who wanted
to take advantage of me and hurt
me and uh I wasn't smart enough to not
perpetuate the things that were done to
me I wasn't smart enough to break the
cycle I didn't know how
to and like I had no one to look up to
who knew what was going on in my
life so it's just like the struggle of
like what is the difference between
fully knowing better and uh still being
influenced cuz I don't know I don't have
an answer for that it's something I
thinking about about a
lot by breaking away from the fandom I
mean I'm not really a part of any
fandom
anymore I'm still doing everything I do
because I like doing it and not because
it's meant
to tie myself to a specific
community so I talked about before I
reject the Brony label I reject the
furry
label if my interests and my art
intersect with those things it is purely
because of my own interests and not
because of my involvement in the
communities it is mainly semantics but
semantics are symbolic to
me that being said I've created this
story
that does a lot to examine these things
and examine myelf worth and like try and
figure out what I'm supposed to do with
these like regrets and do with this
like kind of uh I guess tarnished life
that I've had in the past
and I want to feel proud of uh talking
about it some people are so
scared to like just go out and say
[__] and I'm like not going to live that
not going to live that
way I refuse
to
so Monarch is doing a whole lot of
things it's examin examining this regret
it's
considering my mental state like I said
a lot of the album is fantasizing about
a punishment I could give
myself a lot of it is examining how
toxic Cycles work how hurt people hurt
people and Trauma can cause you you to
further induce
trauma is this Minecraft or Weir form
therapy uh don't say that yet cuz I feel
like monarch will just be really scary
to
people it's not the first time someone's
like monarch as a therapy album like
it's really not but that's fine
um shout out
azy but
I feel like a lot of people are so
scared to say something real about
anything like
this and I I don't want
to I don't want to fall into that I want
to be
real to me I can't like in good faith
create more art about
like the things I've gone through
without saying hey I also did [__] too I
also hurt people me I hurt people I did
that
too I don't want to do the whole
[__] like I'm such
a saintly uh person who has been hurt so
much I [__] did it to
too I was that
person and I don't want to like say it
indirectly either I don't want to say I
don't want to use a passive voice when
discussing the things I've done as a
person I don't want to scooter around it
quietly I want to
say this is the [__] that happened that
I did I did these
things there's no reason to coward
cuz we all are in this [__] like
Mortal coil
together let's not give ourselves more
reasons to distrust each
other I'm realizing I needed a shears so
I'm running all the way back to get
shears I saw this delicious looking
sheep at me which I could have slain on
the spot but instead I chose a
sustainable lifestyle for
now I also kind of don't want to I
appreciate what you're saying so don't
take this as me being like what the [__]
why are you saying that but I don't want
it to be considered Brave I don't want
to be like I don't want it to be like oh
you're so brave for doing this I'm not
I'm actually a [__] [__] honestly
I'm kind of scared to [__]
I'm not going to be honest I am going to
be honest I'm not going to lie
um but at the same time this should be
considered the bare [__]
minimum to me this is the as an
artist this is the bare [__]
minimum this is what I owe people I owe
people this transparency if they
actually want to trust and find comfort
in my
music it's not fair anyone if I don't
talk about
it I just don't wanted to feel self-
congratulatory you know what I mean I
don't want it to be like oh good on me
for doing this I just like no this has
to happen this is what we're doing and
that's it full
stop I want Monarch to feel as
absolutely non self- congratulatory as
possible
I don't want to Pat myself on the back
for it I just want to [__] suffer for
a little bit and then come out of it a
better
person this is why Monarch has taken so
long too not just cuz I've been is that
really the only sheep in this
area I'm about to forget what I was just
saying oh
no I feel like this happens mostly with
incomplete thoughts if I haven't said
the thought
already oh damn
it oh by monar Tak on thank you thank
you so much this is why I need you um
Monarch took so long partially cuz oh
that's not a sheap partially
because I was going perfection is a mode
on it so is like ironing out this album
as profusely as possible so as for it to
be the most perfect thing I've made so
far that's partially why it took so long
two years about but other the reason why
Monarch took so long is because it's
actually been like one of the most
psychologically impairing activities of
my entire
life I constantly have had
like mental breakdowns and like periods
of like severe mental crises as a result
of creating this
album
um I say as I'm hopping around these
beautiful Lush
trees in the sunlight and the
warmth but I had to stop working on the
album several times
because it was it's been it was breaking
me to make this [__]
album and so when I made girls who
Wizards when I made uh Paradise Valley
that was me still trying to be creative
while also taking a break from like
the absolutely diminished mental state
that Monarch continually left me
in and it's done now I wrote the story I
made the album it's all
done and
now I listen to it for the first time in
full of the day I finished it I tend to
not listen to my albums front to back in
a work in progress State I usually have
like a theory in my
mind about how something will sound but
let me just say
my none of my own music has ever left me
like
speechless I me should just like yeah
that was cool that was nice uh on to the
next thing now I
guess that's usually my attitude I was
just like yeah I'm very proud of that um
I hope you like it and moving
on I don't like to dwell in the same
place for too
long but after I did a full listen of
Monarch for the first time once it was
complete I was actually speechless
genuinely I heard it I was like how did
I do this I don't I don't even remember
doing this anymore how did I do this how
did I make something this
good I've never felt that way about any
of my own music before I try not to
dwell on it too much
like monarch has like I don't know it's
like kind of one of the most insane
things I've ever heard let alone created
of course
but and that's not to stroke my own ego
that was my genuine reaction to hearing
it it's like I can't believe I did
that I don't know what I'm going in here
for I have nowhere to put my wheat in
there anymore so I do
this but how do I want you to listen to
Monarch as art
so I just made a post on Twitter about
uh irony and joking around and stuff so
in the case you've heard or in case you
read that this is probably
topical
um obviously I love to joke around a lot
so much I love like [__] with people
it's my favorite thing
ever um but with
Monarch you might be tempted to think
okay we have to take this as super
seriously as possible at first yes at
first first I want people
to take it as seriously and as as uh
sincerely as possible and I want them to
know that there is a real place where
all the stuff is coming
from
okay that's I've been hurt a lot but
more importantly I have I have hurt
people a lot in my
life and I want that to be the Forefront
of people's minds when they hear the
album
um and another thing I want people to do
when they listen to the album is
realized that it's going to sound like
the most hopeless thing in the
universe
uh I think I just want to go get the
wheat it's going to sound like the most
hopeless thing you've ever heard I
think but the album isn't fully about
hope list this I need my host
though Monarch is absolutely without a
shadow of a doubt meant to be engaged
with from front to
back none of the songs should be enjoyed
in isolation I
think not after you've not until you've
at least listened to the album as a
cohesive project I don't think any of
these songs work without that
context which is a risk cuz that's a
hard thing to Market in a day like this
where uh singles are
everything
uh but the end goal of Monarch is a sort
of Hope and us trying to make sense of
all these
things and there are a lot lot of things
that are said in the album that might
sound like they're directed at
people like you The Listener like it's
directed at you the listener but it's
not I really really really need to
stress that
the lyrics of Monarch are not directed
to you the listener The
Listener the [__] in this album uh a lot
of it is just not advice and it's not
truth
it's humoring this
insane dark like descent into things
it's not exactly advice it's like advice
through Parable it's advice through
example by the end of the album we reach
a point where there is there are things
directed at the audience and there
are ideas and conclusions to be drawn
that are more
positive but you can't hear that without
hearing what comes before it is the most
important
thing so inmation take it seriously at
first be
sincere know that these things are real
and come from a real place that the
album has a lot of rough hopeless and
horrifyingly misanthropic ideas that
you're not supposed to embrace you're
supposed to feel reviled by it and
you're supposed to
feel angry and you're supposed to feel
afraid and like
empathetic and then once you reach the
end try and figure out what the final
conclusive messages mean to you in your
own life but to always do so in strides
and always to do so like in
self-preservation and to take care of
yourself and everything that's the most
important thing
media literacy is uh declining so I
think this album will not be received
properly by some people and we're just
going to have to accept that I
think big ass Mountain I I
want my iPhone because then I could look
a big ass Mountain from a
distance oh yeah pest do uh going to
sound very hopeless too
um that is to say after all of those uh
suggestions about how to interface with
Monarch that also I mean with with Badd
and I especially we've developed like a
series of like shitposty lore bits and
like We've joked about the characters
and like kind of the way they would like
interact with things and in our world
and whatnot and so there is still humor
to be derived from it
and the the story itself has some
[__] like Tong tongue and cheek
moments
um we might have to name this mountain
guys it looks pretty uh
interesting let's
uh I'm just going to give this a temp
marker right
now and then we'll name it later
I already gave it a lovely name is like
one of the most like threatening things
I've heard all
night but uh one of the ways we process
grief and Trauma is through humor and so
I do like welcome people to find
their personal
amusements where it can be made with the
album but only once a point of sincerity
has been reached first you should
understand it from a sincere perspective
first before you move on to like
processing it in the ways we tend to
one two three four five six seven eight
okay that's
fine the evil Cobble Stone
brick wait
am I kind of idiot
coded I might
be that that scared me I thought there
was like a creature on my
screen it's doing the color thing
again is that you baddy yeah that's you
I can see you whoa I didn't mean to do
that
speaking of cutie
marks something else I want to do with
Monarch uh with it not being self-
congratulatory is
uh trying to make up for the narrative I
created in cutie marks with how to kill
a
monster cuz how to kill a monster feels
a little bit self- congratulatory and
like kind of in the vein of like I don't
have anything else to learn now look how
awesome I
am and I looked back on that song was
just like so much just like the [__] was
that supposed to be like
seriously like it pisses me off how ill
informed that felt
felt so self-
congratulatory so Monarch I wanted to
make sure that I didn't touch on the
subject in that
vein okay we're going to go go to that
cave now I
think I really should make a boat this
sugar Canan is all very tall
I put my shears
away always obsessed with the clean
inventory that I just put the [__] I
need
away so thing I did was uh for monarch
of monsters I am the only musician on it
there is nobody else on it no other
vocalist no other producers no other
like musicians or like performers or
anything it's just
me
um but obviously I can't do all the art
myself I can do art but I I don't my I'm
not good enough for my own
standards and I'm very limited I'm not a
very versatile artist I can sort of draw
like three poses and that's it
so
uh obviously I had to get other artists
to work on this album with me and
uh everyone will be able to tell you
that I created like a
briefing in the most like intense cases
of
this um my
briefing explained what the purpose of
the album was and what kind of content
would be in it and I also gave e
excerpts excerpts of some of the the
most
like intense lyrics some of the like the
most triggering ones and the reason why
is I wanted to make sure that everyone
who worked on the album understood what
they were getting
into cuz I didn't want to just be like
hey can you draw this thing for me and
then like they're like yeah yeah sure
that sounds like a fun idea and then
like later they find out just what the
[__] was going on in this
album so everyone who's worked on the
album
understands
it um I've had long conversations with
pretty much everyone who's worked on the
album this is a different M
shaft oh Greg ring was just a silly idea
I had it wasn't meant to be
finished but maybe we can uh make a
stream where I finish it on
stream turn it into some stream uh
purpose I really need to conserve
my torches
here I'm starting to get hungry and
there's like a micro wable Pizza calling
my my name from the
freezer if at some point I will maybe
take a break from stream to go do that
here's the thing I've had a hard time
talking about Monarch to the people I've
working with cuz like everyone will be
like oh I'm so excited for this album
it's like I don't know if excited is the
right word I would use but I feel
grateful that you're passionate about
it also bad rip so
much you can just tell you can always
teleport you know
Monarch is not released yet but it's
very s
um oh
no here I'm going to hold on
hold on stay away stay
away okay
okay um I'm scared of like throwing the
items down and then like the server
resetting in some way I'm going to go
put these in a chest
uh for you
no you're fine they're uh all in
here
okay uh you might have I might have
taken some extra on accident too I'll
take I'll put some more back in here cuz
I ate some of the fish but I had a full
stack of fish
so okay back to the
mountain which didn't seem to have a ton
of interesting things yet but oh I have
coal I may as well go make my torches I
am I am being painfully slow with this
playthrough so far but it's fine we're
chilling life isn't about a efficiency
it's about
life those are not my Oak
planks I didn't have I did not have Oak
planks I did not chop down oak
trees those are your planks okay they're
in the middle chest
I feel like self-conscious like excusing
myself like sorry for like taking so
long to do very normal things but at the
same time I don't really give a
[__] I again we're just chilling
yeah very few songs on Monarch can even
be attempted to be listened to casually
by
themselves
um I was saying
the yeah it's felt weird Monarch is not
out yet but to the people I've been
working with and to my to my friends and
stuff it's like so weird cuz we're all
just like oh it's so we're so excited
for this [__] to like come out it's like
excited about this uh horror so I guess
I suppose
so soz some of some of it is like not
even like just horror or Gore It's just
like abuse and
like being stuck and all that
[__] it's hard to feel
excited but what I am is like passionate
about the art that I've made and I think
it's going to have an impact what kind
of impact is
a
would would GP even Solo or with black
midi even be considered like
intense in terms of like
narrative musically uh grape Andor black
midi you know shit's crazy but
narratively it's felt tame to me
I guess we're talking about
musically though um I am not as
intricate or complex of a performer as
Jordy creep is by a long shot my guitar
playing skills are fundamental and
rudimentary and not very like
complicated
um but despite that I learned so much
about playing guitar as a result of
Monarch we've talked about this a bit in
here um which was
cool now even though I've learned a lot
about playing guitar learning a lot is
actually quite a low bar to set cuz I
think in the past
I've played by ear like three chords and
that's
it no most of the the guitar on Monarch
is hand played with a real
guitar my plan was to use ample but then
I just like
learned and I didn't really like how
ample sounded
anyway so I basically learned guitar
specifically to play this album it just
sounded better
a lot of my demos were using like uh VST
guitars and then through my breaks I
learned more and more about guitar and
then I came back I was like wow all this
sounds so [__] I can actually play this
for real on guitar
now so I I did it it wasn't even my plan
like every single time I went to an old
demo for Monarch I was
like uh there's real guitar on all the
other albums too but like the playing is
amateurish in an insanely amateurish way
like I just uh didn't really know what I
was doing and there's a lot of cuts to
make my playing sound better whereas
Monarch I actually left most things
unedited so the playing and Monarch is
primarily how it was
performed the caveat is that in order to
accomplish that as a single person
everything's multi-tracked and like
overdubbed
so I should really invest in a bow
sometime soon cuz these skeletons are
going to be the death of me literally
and
figuratively sadness
oh about the Monarch open tuning okay so
I have good news and bad
news I'll go back in the server in a
second I have good news and bad news the
good news is I documented this
before the proceeding actions I'm going
to
describe um most of Monarch was done in
standard tuning e or drop
D um and I didn't really deviate from
that was the other thing is I was
expecting to use a lot more alternative
tunings cuz uh I didn't think I'd like
know how to do them in different
transpositions or whatever or I didn't
know how to do it without doing
different tunings and transpositions but
I ended up learning how to play pretty
much everything in like standard or drop
D which is uh was also very cool because
I didn't think I was capable of that
either um but there are two songs well
okay there's one
song uh where I did use an open
tuning which was irrelevant to what I'm
going to talk about um there is another
open tuning if you want to call it that
that I used for
Monarch but I'll show you what that open
tuning sounds
like this is I posted this on
Instagram this is the open tuning no no
notes being Fred
so uh let's see what is my I have my
Telecaster
here okay let's just drop D so this is
like what a normal tuning sounds like
this is drop d
[Music]
um that's what a normal guitar should
sound like
um
but who is it someone in here said yeah
open open
z
um and this leads me
into what I didn't fully answer the
question earlier about the influence as
a monarch I was mostly just talking
about
conceptually why it's so the way that it
is um for getting before I get into that
I will
say tragically the guitar featured in
that in that Instagram video I no longer
have um and uh by tragically mean by
tragically I mean I celebrate cuz I
[__] hated that
guitar um
it was like a there some [__] lore
that's the [__] lore
uh I bought the guitar I think for the
fish Whisperer
recordings I got it for like $150 like
it was a cheapo guitar off of
Amazon um it was never meant to be like
a long-term
solution um not to suggest that you
can't get good cheap guitars I'll get
into that eventually too but
um
I halfway through
Monarch I got rid of it I went into to
uh sell it and get something
else and at first cuz it had so many
issues with it they didn't even want to
take it not even for free I told them I
would give them it for free cuz I just
straight up didn't want
it and uh they refused even that and so
took it back home and I did some like
fixings on it I repaired it a little
bit and then
uh I went back with all the fixings and
they offered me I kid you not
$180 for
it I paid $150 for it I don't know what
the [__] they're talking
about and they had the audacity to then
say but I don't know if you want to do
it in here because like you could
probably get more money somewhere else
like what the [__] do you
mean no the [__] I
can't who's going to take who's going to
take this [__] for more
money you kidding
me um but whatever
so I traded that in
for uh I I traded that in and I bought a
fender Jaguar
instead and so I have uh a thunder
jaguar and my goal with it was to
put uh 12s on it I think no I think it
was 11s cuz I wanted to go to like Drop
SE on that one because it would be funny
to put like sludgy metal tuning on a
Jaguar which is like more for like jazz
sort
of
um but in uh fitting the low strings I
got uh I was getting a little bit of
buzzing and so I was like I'll just like
[__] with the trust rod and like hope uh
hope it works [__] out and it didn't it
it made everything worse and so uh the
circle of iron
the [__] circle of
iron
um
so I had to bring
in the uh the guitar
back cuz I didn't want to [__] with it
anymore I wanted to just like have
someone who knew what they were doing
look at the guitar it was kind of
embarrassing but apparently it's just a
very normal thing for
people
um and what do you know I go in and they
say oh our Tech is out for the until
tomorrow it's like okay don't no worries
I'll I'll just come tomorrow
sweet nice
uh and then I went back the day after
and they're like oh hey uh our Tech is
out for the next week she's sick I was
like
you said a
day you said a
day one day you
said but okay their Tech was out so I
actually finally managed to bring in the
Jaguar
today two or three weeks after this all
transpired so that is to say and this is
the funniest part about this is uh I
posted the picture to
Instagram when I announced that the
album was uh
complete of
uh I'm getting it right
now when I announced the album was
complete I posted this picture it's like
the album was done I was like nice and
dramatic and really cool and I'm heing
I'm posing with the Jag
right I think this is such a cool
guitar and I'm very proud to have it now
that being
said this this guitar was not used once
in the making of the
AL oh my
god um
so
uh so yeah that's some lore some lore
for
you that is to say I did use I also
picked up a they were doing like a f
they had like a Fender guitar sale and
they also had like an inore credit sale
so I also um while I was in the store at
some point got
uh the Telecaster as
well and I can now tell you L about that
let's go back to
Minecraft
um the guitar I've mainly been using cuz
all these guitars are major upgrades for
me uh I really haven't had I would say
Workhorse guitars in my previous
perspective uh and so I wanted to invest
cuz I'm playing more guitar and
obviously this is for work purposes I
can uh use it to write music and so I
was like yeah I think this is a good
time to start trying to invest in some
like guitars that I'll feel excited to
use and like will be versatile for my my
creativity but here's here's here's the
uh here's the
kicker the guitar I have been using
since cutie marks is just a $200 Squire
guitar that I got off of Amazon
okay
and I have had the
Telecaster for the album it was
functional for the album I've had
the um I have a a a semih Holo Gretch
it's a blue
one which is a very rich sounding guitar
without even being plugged
in um I've had the takam Min guitar
which I've had since last year cuz I was
like I always use the takam Min guitar
that uh silver brought so I wanted to
have my own and so that got a lot of use
in the
album and so what of the $200 Squire
guitar let me tell
you
that despite all of these
upgrades The Squire is kind of
still the Workhorse
one it just like it made me realize that
like oh this is after trying more
guitars none of them are
strats but the Squire Strat is a strat
just a squire
one
um I in trying all these new guitars and
having the Squire Strat still it's was
like I [__] understand why people
love this thing so much
stratch and strats and specific
stratocasters the shape is perfect not
too heavy not too
light it fits everyone so
nicely um and it has the best like
neutral tone it doesn't impart anything
special to the signal and what that
means
is it's the most versatile now obviously
my Telecaster my Gretch and eventually
my Jaguar they have their own specific
sounds and they'll they excel at those
specific sounds but if I don't want
those specific sounds I basic I can just
turn to the [__] $200 Squire to do
everything
else and at some point uh I do I do not
have the uh I'm not going to do this at
this current time at some point I would
love to have a Fender Stratocaster like
an authentic fender
and I'd like to do sessions where I use
the Squire and I use the fender and just
like try and
see how that how the bump in cost
translates to a workflow because I've
just noticed this [__] $200 guitar is
fire as
hell which uh hold on I'm going to
disconnect again just said not get
killed shs
um that
this is the $200
Squire that's uh been used for
everything since cutie marks
mostly and like for the for the
uninitiated Squire is like the Cheapo
budget nerfed quote unquote version of
Fender guitars and there has been this
like connotation that if you have a
squire guitar that you're not serious
about what you're doing and you just
don't give a [__] or something like it's
basically
like playing any video game with the
vanilla based skins for when there's so
many Cosmetics
available and there are objective
advantages to having the premium fenders
but those advantages are really really
really going to matter only
if you know why you want or need them
and to know why you want or need them
first of all probably means you have to
be better at Guitar than I
am and uh second of
all you need to actually have
preferences ready so one of the reasons
I've loved working with a Telecaster
which more premium guitar is I love the
smoothness of the neck which is
something that's very common with the
telecasters and so I know I like that
cuz I can do bends it's a little bit
more fun to do bends and it's like the
twang I get from being able to Glide
around is really nice but I I know that
from experience a lot of experience
now and even then the [__] Cheapo
Squire still sounds great no matter what
I do
but that is to say
I personally am going to try having a
Fender Strat at some point and I will
laugh my way all the way to the bank if
the Squire Strat just still sounds
Immaculate and I think it will
personally that is to say if you're
looking to get into playing guitar and
you're wondering about price and brand
don't buy into the hype immediately of
the you know premium
guitars because like especially these
days the budget Square guitars you could
pick up for 50
used will could last you your whole life
if you really wanted it
to so shout out to fender for making
guitars that are actually good at a low
price
point um
but my priority with getting
and working on this guitar collection is
uh I'm not focused on the Fender Strat
what I want to do at some point is try
and find a
used uh of the ianz Headless Q
Series and um
specifically one of the Aquatic
models if you know the art that was done
for uh uh angel fish and fish whisper I
don't actually have that
guitar it's an ianz like q54 headless
electric guitar with slanted
frats um I don't actually have that
guitar it's it's a bit much um and I
want to see if I can find a decent
quality one used so I can finally
fulfill
the fish whisper Arc of having that
guitar I actually don't need to be
conserving my torches as much as I keep
wandering around to do cuz I I made a
stack at
least I kind of wasn't paying attention
to the names in here
cuck shout out I hope you're well Arch
shout out hope you're
well is this going to have uh
gravel nope we're
good so this cave has been relatively
fruitful I kind of want to uh see if we
can reach a place with uh deep
dark once I got in here the phrase can't
wait to hear it it's like it's such a
strange sentence for uh for something
like monarch
but I'm grateful all the
same I know I could jump and get crits I
remember this from the uh
PVP Boss
video so this cave is very sprawling but
it's like so narrow in many directions
that it's like hard to focus on which
vein to follow and then how to get out
obviously I can teleport but I mainly
just want to use teleporting if it's a
absolute necessity
socks you're the funniest character on
Bluey but you got to cool it with the uh
spam
I think if uh you and I was speaking to
you generally like anyone watching if
you listen to Monarch with like other
people I think it'll be really like
important to like have
a like have a discussion afterwards and
like try and make sure you're taking
care of each other
cuz yeah just make sure make sure you're
you're taking care of everyone around
you and being mindful of uh how
everyone's
feeling and
especially
um being able to find something positive
to glean from even something like
this just make sure you're mindful of
everyone that's the main
thing I want the all them to
facilitate a lot of important
conversations you should definitely
engage with those as sincerely as
possible you
know there a spawner here
I was like hallucinating I thought those
were emeralds I was like emeralds don't
grow down here
anymore
wait I really need a bow
or more so need arrows than a bow I
think need a chicken farm for the
feathers this is all involved
we need to find uh wait hold
on hold
that a
trial trial room here
I had this Instinct like I'm in the
other server and I can just go do it but
I uh probably should prepare for it
first I know there's one down
here and yeah once again I really need
people to take the content warning
seriously it's so tempting to be like oh
it can't be that
bad and if you end up like fine
afterwards does look great
but take it seriously especially it's
important to for the people who will be
the most affected by
it I don't even know where I am in the
cave at this
point take it ser seriously I mean like
the content warnings that are being
provided for Monarch are not given
lightly and you shouldn't pass them off
as being
like something to just consider in
passing like you really should
recognize where this album goes oh now
I'm out of
torches okay time to find my way
back snooping as usual I see
bro the danger Aros is alive and well
what I was going to say at one point was
we need to find uh an amethyst cave so I
can build
iPhone iPhone is so integral to my play
style that is a really insane sentence
actually that I just sent
that is it true that if you look away
from skeletons their aim gets worse cuz
I just tried that right now and it
worked
how do I get out
this is not the
way that is the way it is a
way buddy all pal just launched me a
million feet in the air shout
out I need to find a way to stop saying
shad
whoa zombie brings the
light why does that sound like a smash
announcement dude you're so silly and
green when you could be so serious in
Pizza I'm I'm hungry good
lord I can't see how long the stream has
been going oh 4
hours I was about to say shout out again
this needs to end
oh okay wait I have to explain my
okay so I have to explain my thought
process something I was forgetting to
talk about is again the stylistic
influence of a
monarch and the what reminded me
was I was about to call the the baby
zombie a stupid child I was like stupid
child swans album music stupid child no
way so I was remembering oh yeah I need
to talk about the musical influences
for for Monarch so I was talking about I
couldn't
find a way of communicating intensity
without it feeling too cheesy or like
too
to what is the word cheesy to too
unserious or too
something it just didn't
work uh last
year I started listening to a lot of new
music all at
once and I got obsessed
with um this album by model act trees
that they released last year called dogs
body that's the cave entrance we came
ENT this is we just exited all the way
over here it's
crazy
um I got really obsessed with this album
last year called dogs Body by model
actri and one of the things I do
whenever I listen to something new is I
always engage myself deeply as much as I
can like I'll read about the artist I'll
read about like their other music
especially if I don't know their other
music as well I'll usually look at the
lyrics while I'm listening to the album
and I'll like do some research on like
um how they came to be and like if
there's any particular contexts that I
would benefit from having and learning
more and engaging with their music
whenever I listen to music it is a very
involved process so sometimes I just
don't listen to music because I am
awaiting the kind of effort I put into
to listen to something
new
um on rate your music specifically cuz I
get a lot of uh recommendations from
there now they have an algorithm geared
towards your rating system and like the
charts are usually a reliable way of uh
seeing what people are getting
into and another thing I value rate your
music for is the Community voted
researched and uh argued over genre
voting
system um rate your music is not really
great
for opinions on your favorite music
because usually everyone's just [__]
stupid um but it's a good way to
discover music and to like understand uh
some meta aspects of
things and
and oh my God and you killed rabbits
too yeah wow that's so
nice oh my God you going to eat the oak
sign
too but uh also
before I continue with Carousel the
intention was
not necessarily A BS
uh plural and being a
system um but retroactively I've sort of
realized that it it makes a lot of sense
for the The Narrative initially I was
like yeah it's not about that but uh
people can find comfort in interpreting
it that way but retro actively I would
say that there is a lot in uh Carousel
that feels warranted to being
interpreted that way so if it's
comforting people I would
encourage that interpretation definitely
I Endor
it okay but dogs body model actes rate
your music on rate your
music the under the because there's two
types of genre tags there's primary
genre tags usually the kind of medium
a song is under and then influence tags
secondary tags for short and uh tags
that usually entail
inspirational uh styles that inspired
the music being
cataloged do I want to go back to that
cave I need more torches and I don't
have a lot of coal do I I have to go
coal I have to find coal that's that's
that's another objective I keep skimping
out
on uh eventually I need to make house
I'm I need to do an enchanting
table to get more coal from the same
spots whatever do the trial chamber I'm
sort of ill equipped for that but you
know what I'm not carrying anything
super valuable so let's just [__] do
it whatever I have a lot of
iron I could smelt logs but I'm not
worried about fuel source I'm worried
about
torches oh yeah that's why I couldn't do
that okay let me let me make some more
torches and
then then I'll do the trial
chamber
okay um but
for the album dog
body uh it's Mo mainly like noise Rock
and and like dance Punk stuff and you
can obviously hear that when you listen
to that
album but I saw in the secondary the
inspiration catalog
for the album this peculiar tag no
wave I think most people are familiar
with New Wave
Music it's mainly an 80s
phenomenon um but no
wave that befuddled
me that is not a phrase I had ever heard
in my life
before
um edit it intrigued me so much I was
like what no no wave not New Wave no
wave but what what does that
mean all I knew oh I put my fish in the
[__] chest didn't
I
whatever
um where there's the
fish I might as well take the bread too
cuz I'm running one one fish
um I was confused cuz I had never heard
that term and I got really interested
because I've become somewhat of a genre
purist I love doing research on on
things and trying to
dispel um incorrect assumptions made
about music I become pedantic and I'm
kind of proud of it um so I was like no
I have to know what this is cuz I knew I
loved the album one of my favorite
albums of last year so I knew I'd
probably like more of it whatever this
no way of stuff
was
um all right we have Snoop Pingus
town and so I spent a lot of 2023
just like saturating myself in research
and exposure to no Wave
Music
and what it essentially
is no Wave Music was a rejection of the
commodification of punk music so punk
music kind of bursts in the mid late
7s uh and then slowly evolved into more
oh technically if you're thinking about
Proto punk music it goes back even
earlier than that but so we just
consider Punk ethos being
like I'm looking for Cole remember that
um punk music coming into existence and
having a certain ethos to it and then a
lot of people became
like either inadvertently or
directly uh exhausted by punk music
eventually turning into like a
commodification in an aesthetic and
turning into like
um something sort of factious and vain
and especially they were OBS people were
upset with like the commercial success
of of uh like punk music because it's
like this was supposed to be
anti-establishment this was supposed to
be anti this anti that and
so what punk music ended up evolving
into is Post Punk music and the
primary uh like variation that took in
the popular scenes was New Wave in the
80s um and kind of late 70s but mostly
the ' 80s and no Wave Music was this
kind of rebellious
response to the
like dumbing down and the commercial
success of punk music it was either that
or people who just happen to be in the
same experimental art scenes uh at the
time and p uh no Wave Music anti
antithetical to New Wave Music was this
really really shortlived scene it did
not exist very long and it's mostly a
scene less of a genre which is an
important distinction to make for
reasons I'll explain later
um I just want to find an open pit dude
I could technically look at the map and
look for
when I'll just go
north um but the most common thing about
nove music was is that it was usually
very
atonal and the people who made it
usually had never played instruments
before nor were they trying to create a
conventional musical
idea and what you ended up having was
this
style that was punk music in its
original intention but accomplished
through
brutally AV on guard and atonal
and uh I would
say artistically
naive I'm going to disconnect for
Minecraft again to do
this and I was finding all the stuff out
and then I went to go and listen to some
of the music that was associated with
the scene again important distinction to
make
um and one of the first things I Came
Upon was
uh the movie downtown 81 which was uh
involving the late John
bcet and uh a lot of the music in it was
showcasing New York in the late 70s
early 80s and of course that's where the
no wave scene was happening was New York
during that time and the thing I first
saw or the thing that really stuck out
to me the most at first
was
um a scene from the movie showcasing the
band
DNA and it was this
dance with me big
[Music]
I got a snake in my mind
now
I my mind was blown to bits
if I had heard this when I was a kid pre
cringe culture I would have been I would
have said something like that's not real
music or this is so pretentious or like
that sounds so garbage why would anyone
listen to this that's what I would have
said if I were pre- cringe culture child
that I
was now post cringe
culture and being able to see stuff with
a more informed view I heard this I saw
this and I was
like that's
it that's the
intensity I've been looking
for what I loved so much about this
music is artists in the no wave scene
didn't do this to be silly and didn't do
this to be pretentious this came from a
real
place this all came from a real place
New York at the time of the no wave
scene was this desolate [__] up like
place and no way reflected the the state
that New York was in at that time of
like the bankruptcies and just the the
height of poverty and violence
surrounding the city I
mean you had art students coming from
all over the place coming to New York
and picking up instruments and making
the
music this isn't done as a joke this
isn't done from a a pretentious place in
fact I don't really think it's possible
to make music pretentious unless you
truly truly are like a
company and I heard this I was like this
is the most amazing thing I've ever
heard
ever and I got so excited because this
was actually
different so often I'll hear music oh
that's a iteration of a thing I've heard
before I heard this I was like this is
actually new to
me this is so strange and so
novel and I [__] love
it um and so I just kept going I kept
going and I kept going I kept falling
deeper into the research of this of this
space and that's when I realized that
one of the early proponents of the no
wave scene was the band swans now swans
I had discovered in 2021 through Rye
music um and I
heard I think it was mainly the sear and
Toby kind in 2021 around the time I made
cutie marks I was like yeah that's
pretty nice that's pretty cool I like it
but I didn't think much of usse much of
it after
that and and then I found out that there
early music they were part of like the
tail end of the no wave
scene and I was like
really how interesting what does that
sound
like
and
well it hit me with this [__]
[Music]
Dy
beess
[Music]
temp I heard that and I was like this is
the hardest [__] in the universe you
could not play the craziest like
you could not play the craziest modern
like like bro
step Trench song and get nearly as
intense as this what makes this feel so
intense is because it's not artificial
all of these sounds are being made by a
person in front of you it's not
sequenced it's not produced in a way
that
like is artificially intense it is just
these people are here in front of you
and they can make this [__]
sound right
now I could not [__] believe this
[__] dude and like I just kept going
deeper and the big thing was it
introduced me to this whole world of
like intense noisy
distorted uh crazy
music it went beyond no wave of course
and a big example of that is I got
really really into shushu
and um stylistically shushu has had a
huge inspiration to uh to
Monarch
but then uh this made me go down the
swans rabbit
hole and
uh I listened to the newer swans music
again knowing that they were a part of
this scene and knowing the context of
like where they came from and suddenly
that knowledge and that understanding
made all of their music click for me and
a way that felt
religious and so long story
short I just got so into all the music
associated with the scene and the music
inspired by the scene and it's important
to note that no wave has been like a
silent inspiration to so many things
that we like
now um for
example one of Kurt Cobain's favorite
projects was a Swan's album from the no
wave
era and when you think about it it's
like that makes a little bit of sense
doesn't it you heard that
[__]
um and I was like a few months into
working on Monarch when I went down this
rabbit hole and Monarch sounded nothing
like it does
now but when I discovered all this and I
did all this
research I was like I know how to do
this now there is a sound here I can
draw from that actually feels
genuinely raw and genuinely
intense
um where's my obs
where is they I was looking for coal
wasn't
I
okay
um that is to say
Monarch can't
be no wave itself and that is to do with
it being a
scene and not necessarily a
genre for something to really be
authentically truly no wave it has to be
by a
specific set of
people in New York from the late 70s to
early 80s for something to really
actually achieve the title of no wave it
has to be from that
scene from that era from that time
Etc
so is Monarch no
wave not exactly it can't be cuz I'm not
from the
scene at best it can
be inspired by
nove and draw from that intensity
the difference between scenes and genres
are important because it's so much
culture and it it
encapsulates now wave that's actually
kind of fire people have been debating
how to
categorize no wave adjacent songs that
are not from the
scene now wave is kind of [__] fire
not going to lie I'm screenshotting
that oh
um there have some been some anomalies
though and I can't quite parse where the
anomalies are drawn from for
example we were talking about Jordy GRE
we're talking about black midi uh the
song bum bum bum BM BM BM she moves with
a
purpose for whatever reason has been
granted the primary tag of no wave it
certainly sounds like a no wave song and
it definitely uh smells like a no wave
song but it can't really be a no wave
song cuz it's not from the scene these
are [__] British
people um and yet people seem to agree
that at least bum bum bum and maybe
slogen Heim in
part is kind of just no wave in some
way
so all that being said I know how
complicated this label
is it would be
unhistorical and purposefully ignorant
for me to say Monarch is no
wave
however and this is definitely a a place
of fixation saying this as well I would
be extremely honored and gratified and
uh proud of myself if once people
started voting on The genres for Monarch
it at least achieved a
secondary tag of no
wave now obviously I can't decide that
because this is a community voted thing
and everyone should be as honest as
possible but if by the nature of the
voting system and people's
opinions no okay you if you're not
someone who if you're someone who uh
doesn't participate in community voting
on R your music and stuff like that do
not vote do not place a vote at
all this this should be reserved for
people who actually know like what
they're talking about I don't want to
inflate anything and I I want it to be
as honest as
possible all I'm saying is that if
Nature's Way if the consensus is that it
can achieve a no way the album itself
can achieve a no wave
secondary like tag I would be immensely
honored and I would feel proud of myself
like I did my job properly because
Monarch has a lot of structure and it
has a lot of writing and it has a lot of
like Melody that sort of draws it away
from being fully no wave influenced but
no wave has been such an important part
of creating this album that there's a
part of me that's just like I hope
people hear that and that it gets
recognized because I want to share that
with everyone I want people to feel that
exhilaration I had with discovering no
wave Some Coal just a
little and a huge part of that not just
comes from my passion for the music but
also I love music that tempt people to
call it not real music because that only
proves the music's Point even
more I love music that pisses people off
who deserve to be pissed off and that's
what actual punk music
is actual punk music is not contrarian
for the sake of being
contrarian but it's rebellious for the
sake of being genuine
yeah it's funny cuz like monarch is so
not electropop at
all speaking of Ambient Drone I listened
to Earth 2 for the first time
recently a beautiful experience I'm
really happy to have uh experienced it
I've been looking the past couple of
months to see if I can find it on vinyl
at any shop but uh it seems to be high
in
demand funny fun fact about Brian Eno
actually no
wave was sort of spurned into existence
because not spurned spurred into
existence by Brian Eno so what happened
was in 1978 or so briano was like
sitting in the in the clubs listening to
these like no wave artists performing
and he was like this is actually very
interesting I would like to make a
compilation of this so Brian Eno invited
four of the
Bands he was uh he was scouting and he
made a a compilation album with
them
and the term no wave is partially from
Ryan Eno not entirely because there were
other reasons people were
calling it that but he called the
compilation no New
York which uh if you want to listen to
no uh no wave music for the first time
that's a great place to start is the no
New York compilation that briano
produced oh Brian it is always Brian is
it not
now I did find a uh a vinyl version of
no New York at a a more metal
adjacent record store in town oh I went
really far didn't I I'm not going to
teleport I'm going to walk way there so
I can maybe find some coal on the way I
just hate digging and doing like tunnels
and stuff if I can help it cuz it's just
it doesn't feel pretty
congrats on getting that creature ju by
the way
does that create a
born oh Daybreak has
sprung is this the same Mountain no it's
not I wonder if there's an opening
somewhere I just need a okay B I just
need coal I want to explore the other
Mountain
more but yeah Monarch has been mostly
inspired sonically by like experimental
noise stuff and like no
wave then the other counterpart is that
um
Monarch is also slightly like a love
letter of mine to like the band
Genesis there are a few parts in the
album where I interpolate Genesis lyrics
or musical
phrases and uh because my first love as
an artist was Genesis and uh I wanted to
make progressive rock when I was a
kid I say is that another
another uh
thing oh I'm going to regret going down
here aren't I is this water oh it's
underwater [__] off that's
annoying oh there's coal
here
but I had like three phases of becoming
a musician the first phase was just
having access to music tools as a
kid and just like playing around with
them and so that's when I first started
making my own songs was just for fun
because I had the tools to do them cuz
everyone in my family is musically
inclined um the second phase was
discovering Genesis that's when my
interest in making music went from just
a silly thing to just like actually I
want to try and do something like this
now I want to try and actually like
learn how to do this
stuff but uh I didn't know how to do
anything and uh so I failed miserably at
making the kind of music I wanted to
then um and then the third phase to
becoming a musician the real the one
that really kicked things off was my
teacher showing me
Skrillex that's when it was like okay
I'm actually going to do this and I will
not
fail
so if you consider those three stages
those three
phases where I first became inspired
genuinely was through
Genesis the rest of rock music and
everything
adjacent and uh Genesis is one of those
bands that really only gets better the
older you get am I is this the same
place yeah this is the same portal
how much coal do I have
33 I see if I can get just a little bit
more I could just walk around these
[__] games but
whatever um and for the longest time I
wanted to
make an album a whole album of uh rock
music and a whole album of like kind of
Technical and uh theatrical rock music
over the years I tested doing that with
things like penumbra and uh I still got
something to teach you and Etc but I
hadn't made a full album of that and a
full album of that done
well um and so Monarch was finally my
opportunity to apply everything I had
learned is this another cave I haven't
seen
before Oh I'm very hesitant to do
this um
um that's cool
there and so as a result of uh making
Monarch one of the things I wanted to do
is pay homage to Genesis I wanted to do
like a few things that were clearly
representative of my love and my
inspiration of
Genesis so that's the other major
influence the newer influences the new
the newer to me influences of things
like you know noise Rock uh shoe gaze uh
no wave Punk like more Post Punk Gothic
Rock stuff those newer novel influences
to me and my old influences of things
like progressive rock and paying all of
that
I guess I'll just dig my way down there
do I have my oh I have a bucket I'm
silly but I me need to make sure to
refill
it it has been a huge
like satisfying full circle thing for me
to like do genesis references in the
Monarch
album
like I was crying so much making the
final song especially because of how I
used
a uh a Genesis interpolation to make it
feel full
circle I was I was [__] balling
anyway I have now I think adequately
answered the question from like two
hours ago fully of uh what
inspired
Monarch hi BD
there is not much coal to be mined here
is there oh you freak
ISO someone woke up on the wrong side of
the idiot box this
morning buffoon and uh such
doing this with no torches just looking
for Lush
cave bat word L Lush cave
guys we have got to build a [__] uh
parking lot in here
a Dollar General would go nicely
here genuinely
W oh you dead that's right I I haven't
gone back home though I've still been
just outside the entire time
I'm glad you like that line but it's
like the least clever thing I've ever
said in my
life I was trying to think of like what
is the most like nerdy thing someone
could say in like 1957
one of my favorite things to do is like
make jokes that sound extremely dated
and make people think that I I find it
relevant and new
modernly and they either find it funny
for the same reason I do or they just
think I'm like out of touch it's like
really funny to watch people debate over
uh which opinion they want to have
like one of my favorite things about HW
Tua is how it's already dead and like
it's not it wasn't really that funny to
begin with but the amount of funny it
could have had is basically they're
beefing
one of my favorite things about HW Tua
is it's like it was dead it's dead and
it was kind of like never funny and
that's why I find it
funny it was Dead on Arrival
yeah what kind of was it it had like a a
sort of relevancy for a short period of
time if
uh only
novel I heard the twinkles I was like
that's the amethyst cave guys we can
build
iPhone [__] F
finally iPhone for you and me
oh my God I do only have one and a half
hearts do you guys love my attention
span probably at least makes it funnier
to watch for you
where's the
skeleton there a genre I will probably
never tackle there are a few that I kind
of have zero interest in doing
I don't think I'll ever seriously do
like that [__] drift funk music even
then I made it as a joke for one thing
so maybe I've already lost that
bet okay let's not call things Mumble
wrap that's the dog whistle of all dog
whistles let's just uh be smarter
I won't get too into it I'm sure it's
just like a thing of just not knowing
but like uh the perpetuation of the term
Mumble rap is like
racist people love uh people are huge
fans of uh diminishing the efforts of
black artists everywhere
a lot of people don't know that so it's
like I get
it oh there's a place here creeper stay
away I'm amazed we haven't found any uh
deep dark yet we where there's been
loads in the other servers we
playing um this is kind of a a slightly
controversial sentence because I know
there's there's contention around the
genre name but I'll probably never make
something like
Dent uh I just do not enjoy
it especially not after hearing things
like sludge metal
and like getting into things that feel a
lot
more enjoyably intense to me I I'll make
paa I will make POA that's
fine yeah you heard that right I will
make paa but I probably will not make
Dent such little goofy ass name so true
but it just it's it's
true it sounds sludge metal sounds like
what it uh what it is what's
called you hear Sledge metal for the
first yeah that's exactly what that
is I would do a doop song sounds kind of
fun there's very few things I wouldn't
do cuz I love a lot L of
Music what's going on over oh more Lush
more Lush cave or is this just the same
one H this is probably just the same
one we know my attention span wait is
that an exposed magma thing
expose magma
block country
[Music]
WP you got me
there you you oh are they
beefing I'll do rap I'll do country just
not country rap
so you got me
there I had a plan on doing a country
country album
though and uh now that I have a
Telecaster I
mean Christian rock I mean is that not
just some of my earlier music when I was
still Christian to be honest
and also even if you ignore the
technicalities of that I'm going to be
completely honest with you like this is
I'm not joking I'm being completely
serious I have considered doing a cover
of a oneway
Jesus there's it it kind of just is it's
kind of just
fire and I not
joking like it is something I have
considered I will find myself singing it
sometimes I'm just like what am I going
to do a cover of
this so yeah Christian rock is on the
table even as an
atheist uh I mean love letters
colorless Teeters towards being neo soul
but isn't
so obviously that's within my
range about those epic rap battle songs
between fictional characters okay
well all right
so I think you're in patreon right
if you're not forgive me for
misremembering but if you're in patreon
you know that the path to
Victory EP is now listenable to
patrons
and not that the the uh founding fathers
of America are fictional
characters but there is a route battle
between them
in that uh
project so uh I've already done
it so
yeah BTY with the no I get it
dude yeah I think when I put up the
patreon signing applications I'll also
put up the uh the voting for canonizing
a path to
Victory on the basis of funny name genre
swamp Rock I mean swamp Rock is just uh
it's kind of Blue's adjacent but more
like
modern it's Blue's adjacent it's ever so
gently country adjacent so I feel like
that's still within my
interests just whether it specifically
becomes that is a question
yeah I've been into all country I mean
[__] uh look what I just got in the
mail there's your alt country right
there so
speed core gather music it's interesting
to me when it's not a like performed as
a
gimmick when experimentation and fusion
happens that's when it's actually
interesting to me but a lot of the times
and I find this unfortunate I think it's
still part of the irony poisoning we
have
but um a lot of people just treat it as
a a joke or don't even try to take their
own ideas seriously and I can't like
invest my
self in
that oh yeah [__] gaze
exists yeah [__] gaze exists I'm pretty
sure it's like shoe gaze but with a lot
more like
um it's kind of like just shoe gaze but
with more metal Tendencies I think and
more uh experimental noise
influence crunk I already made crunk for
top five
videos oh
no hi
um and I sorry I don't know if I just
said this or not I do have cesia or
cesia I don't really know how it's
pronounced I see different spellings for
each
one oh I want to take half of these I
think or maybe more than half of these
throw that in there and that's good
let's put this here can we make
iPhone hold on I need to put everything
away what I'm doing it's time to make
iPhone can we make iPhone I about to
type
iPhone they're waiting for you
bro I
know that's really threatening but I get
it they're at the door yeah no I
know this sounds so delighted though
bro the llas doo Hawk tour yeah
exactly anyway I have a synesthesia it's
inconsistent but it does exist and it is
a I would say oh I need a wait hold on
hold on I need a
shovel and uh I guess I can make myself
a another axe
really
quickly and that should
suffice so cesia comes in the form of
like abstract images for me and a lot of
times it helps me write music because of
the of understanding how to shape those
images in my head but it's hard to
explain verb like examine it outside of
my
mind and so there are some things which
are difficult to explain and a really
better done in the
moment um oh my God they really are
waiting for me what the
[__] head through the [__] door
okay
um root notes tend to specific colors to
me and changes from time to time
too uh it's not always the same some
things are always the same such as the
note f is always purple it has been
purple for my entire
life uh D is usually red G is usually
orange C is like teal C is
blue see
e is Green Oh e is almost always green
that's that's a big one for some reason
e is like almost always green
um
um dsh is also like a light blue/ teal
kind of similar to
C uh FP is like that one changes a lot
for some reason F changes a a lot right
now when I hear F which
is no it's
a yeah it's that's f um f right now for
some reason I'm
thinking like silver but it hasn't
always been silver I don't know why I'm
thinking silver right now
specifically I I think in the past F was
also a sort of purple lavender but it's
not
anymore I have slightly Perfect Pitch
it's not like the perfectest pitch but
usually if I hear a note and I can
distinguish that that's a note I can
usually tell you within a few seconds
what note that
is it has to have a very distinct uh
fundamental though
hi let's see can I maybe get an XP
point and figure out what note that
is oh that's not a hard drop at all
I'm going to try and get an XP point
from this
thing that was G that was a g what is
this
one I think that's a
sharp that's AARP right that was a
slightly flat AAR so it was like more a
but it wasn't a perfect a
which one is B you're right it's FP
congratulations you figured it
out I think that's CP yeah that's CP
the famous the famous creature known as
Big
Iron twice of them no
way oh the world is so gracious to me I
love to have two pieces of the Big
Iron I couldn't hear that one can I from
this that one's uh not C that was B oh
that yeah that was a
b that was D SHP no that's just
D now when it comes to cords things get
really different even something as
consistent as a purple F to me
like an FP seventh diminished can end up
looking like a completely different
color I forget what the term is but
Minecraft employs this idea where most
things are one sound so like the XP is
only one sound but what they do is every
time you pick up an XP point it r
randomizes the
pitch and by extension the length so it
allows them to have like a bunch of
different variations while also not
taking up too much audio
resources and it has more of an effect
than just like saving space and being
simple but when we hear the repeted
repeated
sounds as they as they make different
pitch variations we experience a sort of
like uh I would say psycho
acoustic
counterpart which we would determine as
being
satisfying so when we hear the same
sound repeated in different variations
of pitch we like to hear that because
it's a very normal thing of a reality so
how do you take digital sounds and make
them sound
more contextual to our
Earthly uh
perspectives that is one
way to do
that you notice a lot of mobile games
also employ the same
aspect because it's to make it more
addicting and mobile games love being
addicting
there is a special term for it I have
heard it before I just don't know what
it's called
I am going to be completely honest I
think I've been finding more diamonds
than I have been coal and that's just
really
sad you know in the real world uh
that'll be a very fortunate I
think but uh here in
Minecraft I think that uh coal is just a
little bit more of an important resource
for me right now than anything else
I need to torch this [__] up Cole isn't
in the Deep slay area yeah I it usually
isn't is it the
convergence but
still I just can't find the the layers
in which uh the coal would
be cuz there's more deep slate than
there is uh everything else I just pass
them you're lying to
me I refuse
do you mean coal or Diamonds
though uh most artificially valued
things were scam in the real
world but we can scam rich people so
it's
like I don't know it's kind of a good
scam for
me yeah deep coal is really rare
but it's the fact that I'm finding so
many deep slate layers that have
diamonds versus so many normal layers
that have
coal did I not go down here
I'll be operating as usual and then I'll
realize that keep inventory is not on
and I suddenly start inching through my
through
everything don't worry about the
Enderman uh lighting glitch it's normal
I would not say this m shaft has ended
up being the most interesting
one okay well I didn't know there was
all that there
so maybe I need to
relax take a chill
pill just [__] say opa Enderman
bur is Right little
dude you're cold as hell
hi violence hello
pacifist convention
the
Gathering oh my God Little Green
Men kill
[Music]
God
why good
question more amethyst for
me did I just have it on Deck yeah
I'm not an amateur
dude stop why is everyone
here every creeper in the house put your
your uh tendrils
up if you just don't care what do they
have legs always legs for
them those like two M shafts I had to
nice
shaft
help help
me creep con I thought the Republican
primary was
over for
I forgot to change the sound of a web to
be just
was I like not
joking yeah exactly the mine carts have
coal just not feeling it today
man what what is this strange
like whoo whoo
whoo whoo whoo wo oh
whoa sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I didn't
mean
to all right they're back to
it wait what what is this Behavior
I'm like very entranced by this but I
have to to kill for
sure why was it just holding
amethyst aren you tough it
out oh I get it they physically can't
reach me that's the cruel joke of it all
what the [__] is this double M shaft ass
business
stop stop stop it
enough
no
what remember how I said this m shft
wasn't that interesting
that's always the
way I don't
understand like how how how does this
happen and how often does it happen
one stack of torches left
essentially I don't need the Torches to
see because I have Dynamic Lighting on
with the mod but I use the Torches to
Mark where I've been and stuff I think
that's pretty standard Fair
I remove the load bearing
wall I don't think Minecraft mines to be
honest what what is wrong with this
place what is this generation
okay my inventory is about to
explode Lord have mercy it's bad a
bust let's not die
here there's another wi shaft over there
and one over
here
damn the shafted Kingdom
what
again I need a shuel and a pick as fast
as possible not all that [__]
why how does this
happen I fixed the wayo didn't I
I don't have time for this
bro sure
okay so why did this
happen I swear I fixed the
Waypoint I did right
where are all the blocks I mine too by
the way did they just get blown up by
the creeper that' be
it oh they're in my hand
why didn't to do
that fatty
over here over here baddy over
here um Let me let me get up first and
then I'll TP you back to where I
am this teleportation uh mechanic has
ended up being a little bit more
upsetting than it's worth
what a nice song
d
amethyst roads it's very expensive
where we made it where we lived I guess
can you explain the huge red beams of
death as my death marker
wait did I
remove
what I said it is blue everyone saw
it okay okay
go create
born G
it's ho
time do you live here now where
oh sorry
this was not well I thought out
guess I'll fix it later
where
there is no reason for this
but it is infinite
[Music]
the watering
hole I actually didn't know water I
didn't I haven't [__] with like water
logged anything before so I actually
didn't know
that I kind of haven't understood the
mechanics
[Music]
okay
well might be time to start thinking
about
building
something I might go and claim this
island
I really wish the tree chopping mod
would have
worked one of my least favorite parts of
Minecraft is uh
chopping trees and waiting for the
leaves to just do the thing they
do fast Leaf Decay mod
I don't think that works uh client side
does
it
oh yeah it's server side I couldn't get
mods to work server side these are all
CLI side
the problem is whenever I try cuz we're
doing fabric to launch uh most of these
mods for some reason when I make the
server a fabric server it just
won't it just won't
um it won't
start as soon as I try and launch it as
a fabric uh server it doesn't
Mar yeah but we're using a bunch of uh
fabric
mods I guess if there's a way to
ensure The Duality but at the same time
um there was a reason it had to be
fabric I'm trying to remember
why I don't quite remember but I might
remember at some
point and even then I'm wondering if
just having a non vanilla server
is
uh causing too
much
something something with the run time or
band
perhaps yeah I'm just going to leave it
as vanilla and just deal with it just
one of my least favorite Parts about m
inecraft they really should add an
enchantment that just does tree
chopping there's very few enchantments
for the [__] axe
anyway and trying to mod in would have
the same uh problems and bottlenecks as
uh just creating the tree fell mod
itself
I think I'm beginning to lose my energy
so I might very soon call the
stream but I have to hit 15K first
yeah bad I'm G to leave this
server
okay I have to 15K geography
geographical locations something
something
okay 30 seconds no move pan and zoom
only horse that was a
horse I already don't know
all right
Indonesia South Africa
Ghana Nigeria oh my God I almost went
Indonesia that would have
sucked oh this is scary oh this is scary
oh this is scary this is like nightmare
movie what the
[__] but I can't tell this is America
that's usually I would think America but
something about Le science and the this
stuff makes me think non America okay
I'm preemptively just going to go like
Texas but is there someone else
somewhere else this could be it feels
like I don't know all right what is
it it's just a south of Milwaukee okay I
hated
that I hated that one
where do they have cars like this I
imagine this is going to is it
Bulgaria that doesn't look like it would
be
cic oh no I'm going to get this so
wrong
Romania France I guess France makes
sense
okay don't speed guess this this
is the kanji is really thick but that
looks Japanese to me just briefly that's
Japanese
okay
okay Patrol
what
um is Australia it's not
Australia it's probably just uh
here oh it's more south
okay almost
15 let's feels Turkish but it's probably
not oh those dotted those dotted things
this is
like oh that that that didn't make me
feel any more confident in my guess
um kic s is back somewhere
here oh it was oh was UAE I
actually that makes a lot of sense and I
probably should have just done that by
Instinct I uh wow
okay feels
French okay it's
Spanish Japan this is Japan
nice
oh I'm not going to get this one
right like this
Argentina like I don't know I'm going to
be wrong South Africa I mean
this
no
uh this is
like
here yeah
about okay that was
bad
Netherlands no
Netherlands Netherlands
maybe
Switzerland's
Sweden
no no not Sweden no that's this is fake
this is like
is
it
here oh Place
Texas
um that should mean something to me but
it doesn't I mean
enough
um oh no is this just
here oh it's
Chile
okay oh
no no no no no no no no
no okay that was the worst one so far
oh no oh I really don't know where this
is
think could this be like
here okay it's just Belgium okay
that should mean something to me but it
doesn't oh this is going to [__] me
up I knew it wasn't Italy I got
knowwhere else to go that was a weird
Brazil actually where is
this service Integrity like reliability
okay we're in we're in the United
States still just New
York it's not New
York it's going to be like
here okay it's a New
York Japan this just Japan again it's
Japan
okay I need to actually try next time I
no no no no
no that was the wrong place to guess
okay is this this is not polish is
it maybe it is p
I'll just do it oh hungry oh no that's
bad that's a bad
guess where the [__] is
this those mountains of California to me
that's like
the only point of reference I have
but I don't think it's California maybe
it's Mexico like
here oh Spain
oh you
idiot
sure well now I just feel defeated by
that
one that's Italy that's got to be Italy
right this one actually is Place Italy
right
like here is
sure El Fresno it's not Fresno but uh I
wish it was no I don't I'll take
anything but Fresno that's that's the
joke
um this is just Mexico right
sure
nice oh no no no no no no Indonesia or
Brazil Indonesia or
Brazil or none maybe it's like
here oh this is very
spacious
Brazil lot of water no Indonesia I'm
going no no no let me go let me go
Indonesia Philippines
whatever better than Brazil okay that's
12 we need 15 this is Australia
surely Philips road yeah we're in
Australia Indonesia and the Philippines
are very
similar this is Italy right look at that
tiny ass car
Germany same
thing is that French
French this this just
French it's my own country I'm not from
there I'm descended from
there my grandparents were from there
this feel like very northern Mexico and
I'm going to click there and it's going
to be like Colombia
right that was Brazil wait did I not
notice the
Portuguese I need to pay more
attention to things in my life I'm just
going to goober guess this uh where this
is Europe
goober guess what is the goober guess
for this this just franch I
think or
Spain okay lock in actually for real
this time this is Singapore right yes
that that's thank you for giving me
something easy for
once okay this is nice I love this
Google
where what am I supposed to do with
this what do I know about the roads
um I guess it feels like it could be
teish
or just near
uh
P You're supposed to give me actual
countries and not a fake
ones place Texas Place California this
is California
no no not
California
Texas
Arizona Arizona Nevada
somewhere here I [__] said Place
California I [__] said Place
California and I have the California
sense why don't I just listen to myself
question is have I been there is in
camar
um I don't think I've been
here oh my God Encanto is here
finally I don't think I've been here but
I've been very close to here
Ox nard enough
times
hello oh
no not EU
you it strikes me as
like
here
what what
what
oh
wait but I've
not the that license plate misled
me and that license plate misled
me who want are you
people that's not
fair why did it Place me in the one part
of the road where there were no EU
plates I'm so
mad well that's 15 at least so
play I'm allowed to hello is this just
Venice
uh it's going to
be here
right
sure damn it I got the wrong
Canal my mistake this would be much
wider s for SpongeBob and S for
Sandy this is not
Australia it's going to be Texas
right oh I had the right idea I think
what oh okay
this isn't Brazil right no it's not
Brazil
Argentina doesn't feel
European don't tell me I get Argentina
on South
Africa it was Brazil okay
this is uh
like
here same thing
Michigan that was better than the 50
15K maybe uh one
more but I'm allowed to leave
now let's uh
French that's the big ass building
is
this this is uh France proper and not
Canada and
not
Belgium
okay this is not Turkey
right this is like
here is this Singapore
again something about this doesn't feel
fully Singapore like it did last time
but I'll take the
risk okay it was just Singapore
oh wow
okay is it feels to me like in
this vein but I'm probably
wrong
okay I'll take
it oh I'll take that out of all the
places in Canada I'll take that sure why
not that's
ailc feels like it would
be could this be Bulgaria oh that's what
I'm afraid of could this be Bulgaria
could this be Serbia
oh no I am
scared oh my
God wait what's happening to
me wait why am I cracked all of a sudden
what's going
on
20K for little old
me
wait so I go to the lottery
wait am I
cracked wait don't automatically go uh
Alabama on Australia but it is Alabama
and not
Australia okay it's North Carolina but
good what is what is h
this the mysterious
this is like never Spain this is always
Italy this is always uh Italy
right okay that's Austria actually that
makes sense close
enough okay my brain screamed at me this
is
California oh with a GMC Yukon oh it
could be
California okay it might not be
California but in my mind it's like here
wait I've been
here I'm been
here guys I'm telling you the when when
you're from California you can just
sniff out when it's
California nowhere else in the world it
just smells like
it like yeah okay I mean there are some
things that make me not F California
like trees like this are not as common
more like these sure but we have some
like that in Portland whenever you see
like this thing this this feels like a
weird discrepancy to me amongst the
other
things and
uh I mean this is one of the most
California looking houses I've ever seen
but we didn't get those over over here I
think
like these these are not inherently
California okay well when you have that
mix of foliage
though still I was wrong in my region
guess
because I am from California and I
should at least be able to know that
this is like
the east is
Bay those so
fascinating Valley Center shopping
center I think I went there with
a like summer camp friends
once or
something yeah there is a stream where
cuz I'm from Daily city in California
this is friends I'm from Daily City and
I know I was able to find the exact like
okay it's just going to be that place
friends was a to find the exact place it
was cuz
uh I could never
forget this
is got to be okay this confuses
me I thought I knew where this was now I
don't it's not s like Salmo is it
no no no it's
like here Indonesia right there's no way
this is a place like
Sala okay yeah I thought it was like a
weird part of Indonesia like this more
isolated kind of Island rather than this
larger part of the
archipelago sure take it 68 I'm going to
do one more cuz I'm kind of going crazy
um is that a that's a fire stone I think
that's
uh man I don't
know I'll go uh go
Missouri
Tennessee just barely
sure Abundant Life Fellowship Church
Dorothy's famous food restaurant
Dorothy's hold
on
guys I found on
Dorothy's there it
is now you might have to peer through
the dust and fog but
uh there it
is that's Dorothy and uh famous
restaurant
nice that's C crazy
dude this one's Brazil it has to be this
one has to be Brazil no it's
Columbia
Randa it wasn't
Kali wait if I had just taken two
seconds to
look no I still I still would have gone
Brazil I still would have gone if I if I
had even just a second look at this I
still would have gone Brazil I
think truck is dubious though
okay
whatever this is Germany Maybe
why France why must you ruin
me it's for sale
horse this is the
UK
surely yeah
cilic but also uh non
cilic whenever I say that I'm like it's
uh going to be
Serbia right oh my
God was that my best guess of the night
was [__] Serbia only seven points
away from a
5k are you kidding me my best [__]
guess is Serbia
of all the [__]
countries the fact that I still got many
cities over
from the city in California
sure even with that blunder of Colombia
versus Rwanda this is still the highest
score I've gotten on no it's not not the
20 aside from the
20K but okay
nice
so thanks for the Stream guys and
uh I think this should be the last
stream I do before the album is for form
formally
announced I'm
expecting that to transpire very
soon manifest that the album cover gets
done
uh efficient
and without
rushing and
without
stress
yeah good night